2under1: appos
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: case-compound
parent: compound-case
parent: nmod-appos
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
1under2: amod
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
parent: appos-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nsubj-nmod
parent: amod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: amod-amod
parent: cc-conj
2under1: appos
parent: cc-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
1under2: compound
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: conj
1under2: case
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: nmod
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
1under2: compound
parent: compound-appos
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: appos-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: appos-conj
parent: appos-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: det-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
1under2: punct
2under1: appos
1under2: punct
parent: cc-conj
1under2: nmod
parent: dobj-nmod
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
1under2: nsubj
parent: nummod-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
1under2: nmod
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: case-nmod
parent: case-nmod
parent: conj-conj
2under1: amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: det-dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: advcl-nsubjpass
2under1: conj
parent: compound-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
parent: nsubj-nmod
1under2: compound
parent: det-case
parent: case-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
parent: conj-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nmod-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nsubj-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
1under2: amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
parent: appos-conj
parent: nsubj-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: case-dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: det-nmod
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: case-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
parent: nummod-conj
2under1: appos
parent: nummod-conj
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
1under2: compound
1under2: compound
parent: compound-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: det-nmod
1under2: amod
2under1: appos
parent: appos-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: nmod
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: appos-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: cc
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: det
2under1: dep
parent: det-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: compound
parent: nmod-nmod
parent: conj-compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
parent: case-nmod
2under1: nmod
2under1: cc
2under1: conj
parent: cc-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: amod-dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: nmod-conj
parent: nmod-conj
2under1: compound
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: appos-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: dep-nmod
1under2: dep
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: appos
parent: dep-cc
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: auxpass-nsubjpass
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: cc
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: case
parent: nsubj-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: case-nmod
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: compound-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
parent: nsubjpass-xcomp
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: case-nmod
parent: amod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: case
parent: det-compound
parent: cc-dep
parent: compound-dep
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
parent: nsubj-nmod
2under1: conj
parent: det-nmod
2under1: conj
parent: nsubj-dobj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
parent: compound-conj
2under1: conj
parent: appos-dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: cc
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: auxpass-nsubjpass
parent: amod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: case-compound
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: amod
2under1: appos
parent: amod-appos
1under2: conj
2under1: compound
1under2: appos
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
2under1: dep
parent: dep-dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
parent: dep-dep
2under1: dep
1under2: compound
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: amod
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: compound-compound
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
1under2: compound
parent: compound-nmod
2under1: nmod
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: case-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: det
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: appos-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: appos
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: amod
1under2: cc
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
1under2: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
1under2: nmod
2under1: amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: case-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nsubj-dobj
1under2: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: case-amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: case-compound
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: cc
parent: cc-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: appos-appos
parent: appos-appos
parent: appos-appos
parent: appos-appos
parent: appos-appos
parent: appos-appos
2under1: dep
2under1: cc
parent: dep-cc
2under1: conj
parent: compound-nmod
2under1: conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: amod
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nsubj-nmod
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: punct
parent: appos-conj
parent: appos-punct
2under1: appos
parent: conj-punct
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: cc
parent: cc-conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: case-compound
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: amod-nmod
1under2: nsubj
parent: nsubj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: case-nmod
parent: case-nmod
2under1: conj
parent: compound-case
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: compound-nmod
2under1: nmod
parent: dobj-dobj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
parent: appos-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: amod
1under2: amod
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: det
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nmod-conj
parent: compound-nmod
parent: compound-amod
parent: nmod-amod
parent: nmod-conj
parent: compound-nmod
parent: compound-amod
parent: nmod-amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: nmod
parent: dep-dobj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: dep
1under2: cc
parent: cc-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
1under2: compound
parent: compound-appos
parent: compound-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
parent: appos-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
2under1: compound
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: amod-conj
parent: amod-conj
parent: amod-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: compound-case
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
1under2: compound
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
1under2: compound
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nmod-nmod
1under2: compound
parent: compound-appos
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: amod-compound
parent: det-case
parent: det-nmod
parent: case-nmod
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
parent: cop-nsubj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: compound-nmod
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: case-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
1under2: compound
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
parent: case-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: compound
2under1: conj
parent: nsubj-nmod
2under1: conj
1under2: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: case-compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: amod-appos
parent: amod-appos
parent: det-conj
parent: det-conj
parent: det-conj
parent: det-conj
parent: det-conj
parent: det-conj
parent: det-conj
parent: det-conj
parent: appos-conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: amod-appos
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: amod
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
parent: nsubj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: compound
1under2: compound
1under2: compound
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
1under2: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
2under1: nmod
2under1: nmod
1under2: compound
1under2: conj
1under2: compound
parent: case-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: auxpass-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: nmod
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: auxpass-nsubjpass
parent: case-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: compound-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: appos-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
1under2: amod
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-dep
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
parent: compound-conj
2under1: conj
parent: appos-dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-nmod
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-nmod
parent: conj-nmod
2under1: amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: amod-conj
parent: amod-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: conj
1under2: amod
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
parent: conj-conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: nsubj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: cc
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: compound-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: case-compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: appos-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: case
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
1under2: compound
parent: compound-conj
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: det-nmod
parent: det-nmod
parent: nmod-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: appos
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
parent: appos-dep
2under1: conj
1under2: amod
1under2: cc
parent: cc-conj
parent: conj-dep
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nsubj-nmod
2under1: compound
2under1: appos
parent: compound-appos
2under1: compound
parent: case-compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: nmod
2under1: appos
1under2: appos
2under1: amod
parent: appos-conj
parent: nmod-conj
parent: compound-nmod
parent: compound-amod
parent: nmod-amod
2under1: appos
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
parent: appos-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
1under2: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
2under1: appos
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: appos
1under2: amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: det-nmod
2under1: compound
parent: case-compound
2under1: compound
parent: case-compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: appos-conj
parent: appos-conj
parent: appos-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
1under2: case
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: compound-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: case
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: cc
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nmod-conj
parent: nmod-conj
parent: nmod-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: det
parent: compound-amod
parent: compound-dep
parent: compound-appos
parent: amod-dep
parent: amod-appos
parent: dep-appos
parent: compound-amod
parent: compound-dep
parent: amod-dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: det-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: case-nmod
1under2: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: appos-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: punct
1under2: nmod
parent: nummod-appos
parent: nmod-nsubjpass
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: amod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nmod-conj
parent: compound-nmod
parent: compound-amod
parent: nmod-amod
parent: case-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: punct
parent: case-compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
2under1: dep
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
1under2: cc
parent: cc-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: cc
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: mark-aux
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: compound
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: amod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: dep
parent: nsubjpass-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-dep
parent: conj-dep
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nsubjpass-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: appos-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-dep
2under1: appos
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
parent: compound-conj
2under1: conj
parent: appos-dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
1under2: compound
parent: case-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
1under2: compound
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: amod
2under1: appos
2under1: amod
2under1: appos
2under1: nmod
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: amod-appos
parent: amod-nmod
parent: appos-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: conj-conj
1under2: conj
2under1: nmod
parent: nmod-conj
1under2: cc
2under1: compound
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: dep
parent: compound-compound
1under2: compound
1under2: compound
1under2: compound
1under2: nsubj
parent: compound-compound
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
parent: case-nmod
parent: case-nmod
parent: compound-nmod
2under1: appos
parent: case-nmod
2under1: dep
2under1: dep
parent: compound-compound
1under2: compound
1under2: compound
2under1: dep
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-parataxis
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: amod
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
1under2: case
parent: case-nmod
parent: conj-conj
parent: nmod-nsubjpass
2under1: dep
1under2: compound
parent: det-nsubj
1under2: conj
parent: amod-compound
1under2: amod
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: compound
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
1under2: cc
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: nmod
parent: compound-nmod
2under1: appos
1under2: cc
parent: cc-conj
1under2: nummod
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
1under2: nummod
parent: nmod-conj
2under1: nmod
parent: nmod-nsubjpass
parent: compound-nmod
1under2: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: compound-case
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
parent: compound-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: case-compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
1under2: conj
2under1: conj
1under2: det
parent: det-appos
parent: det-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
parent: det-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: cc
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: appos-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: compound-nmod
parent: compound-compound
parent: compound-compound
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: appos-appos
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: appos-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: case-amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: cc
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
1under2: case
parent: case-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: compound-compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: case
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: cc
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: nmod-nmod
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: cc-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: appos-appos
parent: nmod-conj
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nsubjpass
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-dep
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: cc
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: compound-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: compound-appos
parent: compound-compound
parent: compound-compound
1under2: compound
parent: compound-appos
parent: compound-compound
1under2: compound
parent: compound-appos
1under2: compound
parent: compound-appos
2under1: appos
parent: compound-compound
parent: compound-compound
1under2: compound
parent: compound-appos
2under1: appos
parent: compound-compound
1under2: compound
parent: compound-appos
1under2: compound
parent: compound-appos
2under1: appos
parent: compound-compound
parent: compound-compound
parent: compound-compound
parent: compound-compound
2under1: appos
parent: compound-compound
parent: compound-compound
parent: compound-compound
parent: compound-compound
parent: compound-compound
parent: compound-compound
parent: case-compound
2under1: conj
parent: case-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: amod
parent: conj-conj
1under2: dep
parent: nsubjpass-dobj
parent: conj-cc
1under2: conj
2under1: nmod
1under2: cc
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: case-nmod
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: auxpass-nmod
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: amod
2under1: dep
1under2: amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: appos-conj
parent: appos-conj
parent: appos-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
parent: auxpass-nsubjpass
2under1: conj
1under2: cc
parent: cc-conj
parent: conj-punct
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
parent: appos-dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
parent: case-compound
parent: compound-compound
parent: dep-nmod
parent: nmod-nmod
1under2: compound
parent: compound-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: amod
parent: nmod-nsubjpass
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: appos-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: amod
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: case-compound
2under1: compound
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: compound-appos
parent: appos-conj
parent: appos-conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
2under1: nmod
parent: appos-nmod
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
parent: conj-appos
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: appos-appos
2under1: appos
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
1under2: cc
parent: cc-appos
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: appos-nmod
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: appos-conj
parent: appos-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: nmod
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: appos-conj
parent: appos-conj
parent: appos-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-dep
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
2under1: nmod
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: dep-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
2under1: nmod
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: appos-conj
parent: appos-conj
parent: appos-conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
1under2: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: compound-case
parent: amod-nmod
parent: nmod-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: nsubj
2under1: nmod
2under1: appos
2under1: nmod
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
parent: appos-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: case
parent: case-compound
2under1: compound
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
2under1: appos
1under2: det
parent: det-compound
parent: conj-conj
1under2: cc
parent: det-compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: nmod
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: cc
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: appos-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
1under2: cc
parent: cc-conj
2under1: conj
parent: amod-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
parent: case-amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
parent: compound-conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: dep
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
parent: case-nmod
parent: compound-nmod
parent: compound-compound
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: dep
parent: appos-dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: compound-compound
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: compound-compound
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: compound
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: appos-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: appos-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: cc-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: cc
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
1under2: amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: compound
2under1: conj
1under2: amod
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
parent: appos-conj
parent: case-compound
2under1: appos
1under2: det
parent: det-compound
2under1: compound
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nsubj-nmod
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
parent: appos-compound
2under1: appos
parent: amod-compound
parent: amod-nmod
parent: conj-conj
parent: compound-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: amod-nmod
parent: nmod-nmod
parent: conj-dep
2under1: appos
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: appos-appos
1under2: compound
1under2: case
2under1: compound
1under2: compound
parent: dep-nsubj
2under1: compound
2under1: dep
1under2: compound
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: appos-conj
parent: appos-conj
parent: appos-conj
parent: appos-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
parent: det-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
parent: dep-conj
2under1: appos
1under2: compound
1under2: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
parent: conj-compound
2under1: amod
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: appos-appos
1under2: nsubj
1under2: dep
2under1: conj
1under2: amod
parent: compound-case
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: compound-amod
1under2: compound
1under2: amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: amod
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: cc
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-cc
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: appos-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
2under1: amod
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: appos
1under2: case
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
1under2: det
2under1: conj
1under2: cc
parent: conj-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-case
parent: conj-conj
parent: nmod-nsubjpass
parent: det-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: compound-compound
1under2: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: compound-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nmod-case
parent: appos-appos
parent: amod-nmod
1under2: compound
parent: compound-compound
parent: compound-compound
parent: compound-compound
parent: compound-compound
1under2: compound
parent: compound-compound
parent: compound-compound
parent: compound-compound
1under2: compound
parent: compound-compound
parent: compound-compound
1under2: compound
parent: compound-compound
1under2: compound
1under2: compound
parent: compound-compound
parent: compound-compound
1under2: compound
parent: compound-appos
1under2: compound
parent: compound-appos
2under1: appos
parent: det-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
1under2: case
1under2: case
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: amod
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
parent: cc-dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: amod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
parent: conj-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: det
1under2: conj
2under1: nmod
1under2: amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: nmod
1under2: conj
1under2: amod
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
parent: appos-dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-dep
2under1: compound
parent: det-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: amod
parent: appos-conj
parent: appos-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
1under2: compound
parent: compound-nmod
parent: case-compound
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: appos-appos
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: appos-appos
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: appos-appos
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-appos
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: amod
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
parent: neg-amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: case-compound
1under2: compound
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: compound
1under2: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: nmod
2under1: nmod
2under1: appos
1under2: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: amod
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-conj
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
parent: compound-nmod
parent: amod-nmod
1under2: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nsubj-dobj
2under1: conj
parent: case-nmod
1under2: det
2under1: appos
2under1: compound
2under1: conj
parent: nsubj-nmod
2under1: conj
1under2: case
2under1: conj
parent: case-nmod
1under2: compound
1under2: conj
parent: case-nmod
1under2: case
parent: case-conj
2under1: conj
parent: case-nmod
2under1: case
2under1: conj
parent: case-conj
parent: case-compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
parent: case-amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-appos
parent: conj-appos
2under1: appos
2under1: cc
2under1: dep
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
parent: dep-appos
parent: dep-appos
parent: dep-appos
2under1: dep
parent: appos-appos
parent: appos-appos
2under1: dep
parent: appos-appos
2under1: dep
2under1: dep
2under1: dep
parent: cc-dep
2under1: dep
parent: cc-dep
2under1: dep
2under1: dep
2under1: dep
parent: cc-dep
2under1: dep
2under1: appos
1under2: compound
parent: compound-dep
parent: compound-cc
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: compound-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: cc
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: dep-cc
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: dep-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
parent: cc-conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
parent: conj-conj
2under1: dep
2under1: dep
parent: compound-dep
parent: compound-nmod
parent: dep-nmod
2under1: dep
2under1: dep
2under1: dep
2under1: dep
2under1: dep
2under1: dep
2under1: dep
2under1: dep
parent: compound-nmod
2under1: appos
2under1: dep
parent: compound-dep
parent: compound-nmod
parent: dep-nmod
parent: compound-dep
parent: compound-nmod
parent: dep-nmod
parent: compound-dep
parent: compound-nmod
parent: compound-nmod
parent: dep-nmod
parent: dep-nmod
parent: compound-dep
parent: compound-nmod
parent: dep-nmod
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: case-compound
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
2under1: appos
2under1: nmod
parent: appos-nmod
parent: nmod-dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
parent: case-compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
1under2: amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: case-compound
parent: nmod-dep
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: det-nmod
1under2: conj
parent: det-case
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nsubj-nmod
parent: nmod-amod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: case-compound
parent: case-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
parent: conj-conj
1under2: amod
2under1: conj
parent: det-nmod
