2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: auxpass-nmod
2under1: nmod
parent: nsubjpass-dobj
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: case-nmod
parent: case-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
parent: auxpass-nmod
parent: dobj-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: dobj-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: dobj-nmod
1under2: det
2under1: conj
parent: dobj-nmod
parent: nmod-dep
2under1: conj
1under2: case
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: nmod
parent: nmod-nmod
parent: nmod-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: auxpass-nmod
parent: auxpass-nmod
2under1: conj
parent: nsubjpass-punct
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
parent: auxpass-nsubjpass
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: dobj-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: appos
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: dobj-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
1under2: det
parent: case-nmod
parent: compound-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-conj
2under1: conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: case-compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: case-nmod
2under1: conj
parent: compound-conj
parent: nmod-nmod
2under1: conj
2under1: compound
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
1under2: case
2under1: nmod
2under1: conj
parent: amod-nmod
parent: dobj-nmod
2under1: conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: dobj-nmod
parent: nmod-nmod
parent: dobj-nmod
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: nsubjpass-nmod
parent: case-compound
parent: nmod-nmod
parent: cc-conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
2under1: conj
parent: dobj-nmod
parent: dobj-nmod
2under1: conj
parent: nmod-nmod
