Indinavir | drug
Indinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
amiodarone | drug
dihydroergotamine | drug
ergonovine | drug
ergotamine | drug
methylergonovine | drug
midazolam | drug
triazolam | drug
cisapride | drug
pimozide | drug
rifampin | drug
lovastatin | drug
simvastatin | drug
atazanavir | drug
atazanavir | drug
atazanavir | drug
Delavirdine | drug
indinavir | drug
delavirdine | drug
Didanosine | drug
Indinavir | drug
didanosine | drug
Efavirenz | drug
indinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
efavirenz | drug
indinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
efavirenz | drug
Nelfinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
Nevirapine | drug
indinavir | drug
Indinavir | drug
nevirapine | drug
Ritonavir | drug
indinavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
indinavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
Saquinavir | drug
saquinavir | drug
bepridil | drug
lidocaine | drug
quinidine | drug
carbamazepine | drug
phenobarbital | drug
phenytoin | drug
indinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
felodipine | drug
nifedipine | drug
nicardipine | drug
Clarithromycin | drug
clarithromycin | drug
indinavir | drug
atorvastatin | drug
atorvastatin | drug
atorvastatin | drug
pravastatin | drug
fluvastatin | drug
rosuvastatin | drug
cyclosporine | drug
tacrolimus | drug
sirolimus | drug
Itraconazole | drug
indinavir | drug
itraconazole | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
indinavir | drug
Rifabutin | drug
indinavir | drug
rifabutin | drug
rifabutin | drug
rifabutin | drug
Sildenafil | drug
sildenafil | drug
Sildenafil | drug
indinavir | drug
Tadalafil | drug
tadalafil | drug
Tadalafil | drug
indinavir | drug
Vardenafil | drug
vardenafil | drug
Vardenafil | drug
indinavir | drug
Isoproterenol hydrochloride | drug
epinephrine | drug
halothane | drug
diltiazem | drug
sirolimus | drug
sirolimus | drug
diltiazem | drug
sirolimus | drug
diltiazem | drug
sirolimus | drug
diltiazem | drug
sirolimus | drug
sirolimus | drug
sirolimus | drug
diltiazem | drug
diltiazem | drug
sirolimus | drug
diltiazem | drug
diltiazem | drug
sirolimus | drug
sirolimus | drug
sirolimus | drug
diltiazem | drug
sirolimus | drug
Chlorprothixene | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
chlorprothixene | drug
chlorprothixene | drug
chlorprothixene | drug
tramadol | drug
chlorprothixene | drug
chlorprothixene | drug
anticoagulant | drug
insulin | drug
insulin | drug
bezafibrate | drug
bezafibrate | drug
cholestryramine | drug
Perhexiline hydrogen maleate | drug
Corticotropin | drug
nizatidine | drug
theophylline | drug
chlordiazepoxide | drug
lorazepam | drug
lidocaine | drug
phenytoin | drug
warfarin | drug
Nizatidine | drug
nizatidine | drug
guanfacine | drug
guanfacine | drug
phenobarbital | drug
phenytoin | drug
guanfacine | drug
guanfacine | drug
nadolol | drug
timolol | drug
guanfacine | drug
guafacine | drug
guanfacine | drug
guanfacine | drug
guanfacine | drug
insulin | drug
guanfacine | drug
guanfacine | drug
Ethopropazine | drug
alcohol | drug
amantadine | drug
Ethopropazine | drug
chlorpromazine | drug
chlorpromazine | drug
Phenytoin | drug
phenobarbital | drug
carbamazepine | drug
valproate | drug
gabapentin | drug
Phenytoin | drug
Tiagabine | drug
phenytoin | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
Tiagabine | drug
carbamazepine | drug
Valproate | drug
Tiagabine | drug
valproate | drug
Phenobarbital | drug
Primidone | drug
tiagabine | drug
phenobarbital | drug
primidone | drug
tiagabine | drug
phenobarbital | drug
primidone | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
tiagabine | drug
carbamazepine | drug
Phenytoin | drug
tiagabine | drug
phenytoin | drug
Phenobarbital | drug
Primidone | drug
tiagabine | drug
phenobarbital | drug
primidone | drug
Valproate | drug
tiagabine | drug
valproate | drug
tiagabine | drug
valproate | drug
tiagabine | drug
Cimetidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
tiagabine | drug
tiagabine | drug
Theophylline | drug
tiagabine | drug
theophylline | drug
Warfarin | drug
R-warfarin | drug
S-warfarin | drug
tiagabine | drug
tiagabine | drug
Digoxin | drug
tiagabine | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
Ethanol | drug
Triazolam | drug
triazolam | drug
tiagabine | drug
ethanol | drug
tiagabine | drug
Tiagabine | drug
alcohol | drug
ethanol | drug
triazolam | drug
tiagabine | drug
tiagabine | drug
Antipyrine | drug
Antipyrine | drug
tiagabine | drug
tiagabine | drug
antipyrine | drug
tiagabine | drug
tiagabine | drug
Cimetidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
Cimetidine | drug
dofetilide | drug
Cimetidine | drug
dofetilide | drug
cimetidine | drug
omeprazole | drug
ranitidine | drug
aluminum hydroxide | drug
magnesium hydroxide | drug
cimetidine | drug
Verapamil | drug
verapamil | drug
verapamil | drug
dofetilide | drug
dofetilide | drug
verapamil | drug
dofetilide | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
dofetilide | drug
Trimethoprim | drug
Sulfamethoxazole | drug
trimethoprim | drug
sulfamethoxazole | drug
Hydrochlorothiazide | drug
HCTZ | drug
Triamterene | drug
HCTZ | drug
triamterene | drug
HCTZ | drug
HCTZ | drug
triamterene | drug
HCTZ | drug
dofetilide | drug
dofetilide | drug
Dofetilide | drug
triamterene | drug
metformin | drug
amiloride | drug
dofetilide | drug
Dofetilide | drug
dofetilide | drug
amiodarone | drug
diltiazem | drug
nefazadone | drug
norfloxacin | drug
quinine | drug
zafirlukast | drug
dofetilide | drug
Dofetilide | drug
Digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
dofetilide | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
amlodipine | drug
phenytoin | drug
glyburide | drug
ranitidine | drug
omeprazole | drug
medroxyprogesterone | drug
aluminum hydroxide | drug
magnesium hydroxide | drug
theophylline | drug
warfarin | drug
propranolol | drug
phenytoin | drug
theophylline | drug
dofetilide | drug
dofetilide | drug
Magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium salt | drug
magnesium | drug
vitamin B6 | drug
selenium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
Magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
magnesium | drug
cardioplegic solutions | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
norfloxacin | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
norfloxacin | drug
cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
norfloxacin | drug
warfarin | drug
norfloxacin | drug
glyburide | drug
norfloxacin | drug
probenecid | drug
norfloxacin | drug
nitrofurantoin | drug
nitrofurantoin | drug
Norfloxacin | drug
iron | drug
zinc | drug
sucralfate | drug
norfloxacin | drug
norfloxacin | drug
Didanosine | drug
norfloxacin | drug
norfloxacin | drug
caffeine | drug
caffeine | drug
alosetron | drug
alosetron | drug
Fluvoxamine | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
alosetron | drug
Fluvoxamine | drug
alosetron | drug
alosetron | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
alosetron | drug
cimetidine | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
alosetron | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
alosetron | drug
alosetron | drug
ketoconazole | drug
alosetron | drug
clarithromycin | drug
telithromycin | drug
voriconazole | drug
itraconazole | drug
alosetron | drug
alosetron | drug
alosetron | drug
alosetron | drug
alosetron | drug
isoniazid | drug
procainamide | drug
hydralazine | drug
theophylline | drug
alosetron | drug
ethinyl estradiol | drug
levonorgestrel | drug
alosetron | drug
cisapride | drug
cisapride | drug
alosetron | drug
alosetron | drug
Alosetron | drug
Alosetron | drug
alosetron | drug
cimetidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
nortriptyline | drug
fluoxetine hydrochloride | drug
Fluoxetine | drug
reserpine | drug
nortriptyline hydrochloride | drug
alcohol | drug
debrisoquin | drug
dextromethorphan | drug
carbamazepine | drug
propafenone | drug
flecainide | drug
encainide | drug
quinidine | drug
estradiol | drug
estradiol | drug
estradiol | drug
estradiol | drug
estradiol | drug
estradiol | drug
alcohol | drug
estazolam | drug
estazolam | drug
carbamazepine | drug
phenytoin | drug
rifampin | drug
estazolam | drug
Estazolam | drug
estazolam | drug
estazolam | drug
ketoconazole | drug
itraconazole | drug
estazolam | drug
nefazodone | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
cimetidine | drug
diltiazem | drug
isoniazide | drug
Fluoxetine | drug
fluoxetine | drug
estazolam | drug
estazolam | drug
fluoxetine | drug
Estazolam | drug
estazolam | drug
estazolam | drug
Olanzapine | drug
Olanzapine | drug
olanzapine | drug
haloperidol | drug
olanzapine | drug
haloperidol | drug
olanzapine | drug
risperidone | drug
olanzapine | drug
risperidone | drug
risperidone | drug
olanzapine | drug
olanzapine | drug
risperidone | drug
haloperidol | drug
olanzapine | drug
risperidone | drug
olanzapine | drug
olanzapine | drug
Olanzapine | drug
haloperidol | drug
risperidone | drug
olanzapine | drug
clozapine | drug
risperidone | drug
olanzapine | drug
haloperidol | drug
olanzapine | drug
risperidone | drug
olanzapine | drug
olanzapine | drug
olanzapine | drug
haloperidol | drug
risperidone | drug
olanzapine | drug
Olanzapine | drug
haloperidol | drug
risperidone | drug
Olanzapine | drug
haloperidol | drug
haloperidol | drug
risperidone | drug
olanzapine | drug
ethanol | drug
ethanol | drug
Acetaminophen | drug
lidocaine | drug
phenobarbital | drug
quinidine | drug
theophylline | drug
valproic acid | drug
acetaminophen | drug
phenobarbital | drug
acetaminophen | drug
theophylline | drug
lidocaine | drug
quinidine | drug
phenobarbital | drug
acetaminophen | drug
phenobarbital | drug
valproic acid | drug
quinidine | drug
lidocaine | drug
theophylline | drug
acetaminophen | drug
valproic acid | drug
phenobarbital | drug
phenobarbital | drug
quinidine | drug
theophylline | drug
ethanol | drug
Acetaminophen | drug
theophylline | drug
Theophylline | drug
acetaminophen | drug
phenobarbital | drug
Valproic acid | drug
phenobarbital | drug
ethanol | drug
acetaminophen | drug
theophylline | drug
phenobarbital | drug
acetaminophen | drug
valproic acid | drug
phenobarbital | drug
anileridine | drug
Clonazepam | drug
Clonazepam | drug
phenytoin | drug
carbamazepine | drug
phenobarbital | drug
clonazepam | drug
Clonazepam | drug
ranitidine | drug
clonazepam | drug
clonazepam | drug
propantheline | drug
clonazepam | drug
clonazepam | drug
propantheline | drug
Fluoxetine | drug
clonazepam | drug
phenytoin | drug
carbamazepine | drug
phenobarbital | drug
clonazepam | drug
clonazepam | drug
clonazepam | drug
clonazepam | drug
alcohol | drug
Vitamin D2 | drug
Vitamin D3 | drug
Calcitriol | drug
Calcidiol | drug
Cholestyramine | drug
Cholestyramine | drug
Phenytoin | drug
Phenobarbital | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenobarbital | drug
calcitriol | drug
calcitriol | drug
calcium | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
Calcium | drug
calcium | drug
Magnesium | drug
Magnesium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium carbonate | drug
buspirone hydrochloride | drug
buspirone HCl | drug
buspirone HCl | drug
trazodone hydrochloride | drug
buspirone HCl | drug
buspirone HCl | drug
haloperidol | drug
haloperidol | drug
buspirone | drug
phenytoin | drug
propranolol | drug
warfarin | drug
buspirone | drug
warfarin | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenobarbital | drug
digoxin | drug
levothyroxine sodium | drug
buspirone | drug
digoxin | drug
dexamethasone | drug
dexamethasone | drug
prochlorperazine | drug
prochlorperazine | drug
Enflurane | drug
Enflurane | drug
halothane | drug
nitrous oxide | drug
Aliskiren | drug
aliskiren | drug
lovastatin | drug
atenolol | drug
warfarin | drug
furosemide | drug
digoxin | drug
celecoxib | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
ramipril | drug
valsartan | drug
metformin | drug
amlodipine | drug
aliskiren | drug
irbesartan | drug
aliskiren | drug
atorvastatin | drug
aliskiren | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
aliskiren | drug
aliskiren | drug
aliskiren | drug
Aliskiren | drug
Aliskiren | drug
aliskiren | drug
lovastatin | drug
digoxin | drug
valsartan | drug
amlodipine | drug
metformin | drug
celecoxib | drug
atenolol | drug
atorvastatin | drug
ramipril | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
Warfarin | drug
aliskiren | drug
warfarin | drug
Furosemide | drug
aliskiren | drug
furosemide | drug
furosemide | drug
Esomeprazole | drug
esomeprazole | drug
esomeprazole | drug
phenytoin | drug
warfarin | drug
quinidine | drug
clarithromycin | drug
amoxicillin | drug
warfarin | drug
esomeprazole | drug
warfarin | drug
Esomeprazole | drug
esomeprazole | drug
esomeprazole | drug
diazepam | drug
diazepam | drug
diazepam | drug
diazepam | drug
Esomeprazole | drug
esomeprazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
iron | drug
digoxin | drug
diazepam | drug
phenytoin | drug
quinidine | drug
esomeprazole | drug
clarithromycin | drug
pimozide | drug
Fondaparinux | drug
warfarin | drug
acetylsalicylic acid | drug
piroxicam | drug
digoxin | drug
fondaparinux sodium | drug
Fondaparinux | drug
warfarin | drug
acetylsalicylic acid | drug
piroxicam | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
Fondaparinux | drug
fondaparinux | drug
fondaparinux | drug
fondaparinux sodium | drug
fondaparinux sodium | drug
cisplatin | drug
sodium thiosulfate | drug
cisplatin | drug
Sodium thiosulfate | drug
cisplatin | drug
thiosulfate | drug
cisplatin | drug
thiosulfate | drug
cisplatin | drug
Cisplatin | drug
thiosulfate | drug
cisplatin | drug
cisplatin | drug
thiosulfate | drug
thiosulfate | drug
cisplatin | drug
cisplatin | drug
thiosulfate | drug
cisplatin | drug
heparin | drug
acetylsalicylic acid | drug
dipyridamole | drug
Abciximab | drug
heparin | drug
heparin | drug
heparin | drug
loxapine | drug
lorazepam | drug
loxapine | drug
loxapine | drug
dexamethasone | drug
hydrocortisone | drug
Aminoglutethimide | drug
warfarin | drug
Potassium | drug
spironolactone | drug
amiloride | drug
triamterene | drug
potassium | drug
warfarin | drug
acenocoumarol | drug
Lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
chlorthalidone | drug
furosemide | drug
digoxin | drug
propranolol | drug
atenolol | drug
naproxen | drug
cimetidine | drug
digoxin | drug
hydralazine | drug
Benazepril | drug
desloratadine | drug
erythromycin | drug
ketoconazole | drug
desloratadine | drug
azithromycin | drug
fluoxetine | drug
fluoxetine | drug
cimetidine | drug
desloratadine | drug
desloratadine | drug
Desloratadine | drug
Desloratadine | drug
Erythromycin | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
Azithromycin | drug
Fluoxetine | drug
Cimetidine | drug
isosorbide dinitrate | drug
Alcohol | drug
tolbutamide | drug
Glyburide | drug
glyburide | drug
Metformin | drug
metformin | drug
Digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
Warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
Diclofenac | drug
diclofenac | drug
Nateglinide | drug
furosemide | drug
propranolol | drug
captopril | drug
nicardipine | drug
pravastatin | drug
glyburide | drug
warfarin | drug
phenytoin | drug
acetylsalicylic acid | drug
tolbutamide | drug
metformin | drug
nateglinide | drug
nateglinide | drug
propranolol | drug
glyburide | drug
nicardipine | drug
warfarin | drug
phenytoin | drug
acetylsalicylic acid | drug
tolbutamide | drug
alcohol | drug
diazepam | drug
methadone | drug
heroin | drug
Cocaine | drug
amiloride | drug
Lithium | drug
lithium | drug
indomethacin | drug
Phospholine Iodide | drug
succinylcholine | drug
Phospholine Iodide | drug
Ketorolac | drug
Warfarin | drug
Digoxin | drug
Heparin | drug
warfarin | drug
ketorolac tromethamine | drug
ketorolac | drug
Ketorolac | drug
digoxin | drug
ketorolac | drug
ketorolac | drug
digoxin | drug
warfarin | drug
ibuprofen | drug
naproxen | drug
piroxicam | drug
acetaminophen | drug
phenytoin | drug
ketorolac tromethamine | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
heparin | drug
heparin | drug
warfarin | drug
heparin | drug
Furosemide | drug
furosemide | drug
Probenecid | drug
probenecid | drug
ketorolac | drug
ketorolac | drug
probenecid | drug
Lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
Methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
phenytoin | drug
carbamazepine | drug
fluoxetine | drug
thiothixene | drug
alprazolam | drug
Morphine | drug
morphine | drug
morphine | drug
edetate calcium disodium | drug
Edetate calcium disodium | drug
zinc insulin | drug
zinc | drug
brinzolamide | drug
brinzolamide | drug
salicylate | drug
brinzolamide | drug
methamphetamine | drug
methamphetamine | drug
pargyline | drug
MPTP | drug
amphetamine | drug
apomorphine | drug
Methamphetamine | drug
pargyline | drug
pargyline | drug
zinc | drug
zinc | drug
acetylsalicylic acid | drug
ketorolac tromethamine | drug
dipyridamole | drug
sulfinpyrazone | drug
pentamidine | drug
pentamidine | drug
pentamidine | drug
foscarnet | drug
amphotericin B | drug
pentamidine | drug
Ganciclovir | drug
foscarnet | drug
ganciclovir | drug
irinotecan | drug
5-FU | drug
leucovorin | drug
Irinotecan | drug
irinotecan | drug
irinotecan | drug
levothyroxine | drug
Levothyroxine Sodium | drug
levothyroxine sodium | drug
aluminum hydoxide | drug
cholestyramine | drug
colestipol hydrochloride | drug
ferrous sulfate | drug
sodium polystyrene sulfonate | drug
sucralfate | drug
levothyroxine sodium | drug
asparaginase | drug
clofibrate | drug
5-fluorouracil | drug
furosemide | drug
meclofenamic acid | drug
mefenamic acid | drug
methadone | drug
perphenazine | drug
phenylbutazone | drug
phenytoin | drug
tamoxifen | drug
aminoglutethimide | drug
p-aminosalicylic acid | drug
amiodarone | drug
thiocyanate | drug
perchlorate | drug
pertechnetate | drug
carbamazepine | drug
chloral hydrate | drug
diazepam | drug
dopamine | drug
ethionamide | drug
heparin | drug
insulin | drug
levodopa | drug
lovastatin | drug
lithium | drug
6-mercaptopurine | drug
metoclopramide | drug
mitotane | drug
nitroprusside | drug
phenobarbital | drug
phenytoin | drug
resorcinol | drug
rifampin | drug
Amiodarone | drug
Amiodarone | drug
Insulin | drug
insulin | drug
Ketamine | drug
levothyroxine sodium | drug
ketamine | drug
Maprotiline | drug
Sodium Iodide | drug
Sodium Pertechnetate Tc99m | drug
Somatrem | drug
Somatropin | drug
somatrem | drug
somatropin | drug
Theophylline | drug
Theophylline | drug
phenelzine sulfate | drug
tranylcypromine sulfate | drug
pargyline | drug
L-phenylalanine | drug
Selegiline | drug
L-phenylalanine | drug
selegiline | drug
L-phenylalanine | drug
simvastatin | drug
clarithromycin | drug
clarithromycin | drug
simvastatin | drug
clarithromycin | drug
simvastatin | drug
sodium bicarbonate | drug
Clarithromycin | drug
simvastatin | drug
atorvastatin | drug
cerivastatin | drug
lovastatin | drug
simvastatin | drug
galangin | drug
vancomycin | drug
vancomycin | drug
galangin | drug
vancomycin | drug
caffeine | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
CGS 21680 | drug
theophylline | drug
Probenecid | drug
loracarbef | drug
probenecid | drug
loracarbef | drug
Carboplatin | drug
Amantadine | drug
clidinium | drug
Clidinium | drug
levodopa | drug
ketoconazole | drug
ertapenem | drug
probenecid | drug
probenecid | drug
ertapenem | drug
ertapenem | drug
probenecid | drug
probenecid | drug
ertapenem | drug
ertapenem | drug
digoxin | drug
vinblastine | drug
ertapenem | drug
ertapenem | drug
probenecid | drug
Ethanol | drug
ethanol | drug
ethanol | drug
ethanol | drug
zaleplon | drug
ethanol | drug
Imipramine | drug
imipramine | drug
Paroxetine | drug
paroxetine | drug
paroxetine | drug
zaleplon | drug
Thioridazine | drug
thioridazine | drug
Venlafaxine | drug
zaleplon | drug
venlafaxine | drug
zaleplon | drug
venlafaxine | drug
zaleplon | drug
venlafaxine | drug
Promethazine | drug
zaleplon | drug
promethazine | drug
zaleplon | drug
zaleplon | drug
promethazine | drug
Rifampin | drug
zaleplon | drug
rifampin | drug
zaleplon | drug
zaleplon | drug
rifampin | drug
phenytoin | drug
carbamazepine | drug
phenobarbital | drug
zaleplon | drug
zaleplon | drug
zaleplon | drug
erythromycin | drug
zaleplon | drug
erythromycin | drug
ketoconazole | drug
zaleplon | drug
zaleplon | drug
Diphenhydramine | drug
Diphenhydramine | drug
zaleplon | drug
diphenhydramine | drug
Cimetidine | drug
Cimetidine | drug
zaleplon | drug
cimetidine | drug
zaleplon | drug
cimetidine | drug
Zaleplon | drug
zaleplon | drug
Digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
Warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
Ibuprofen | drug
Ibuprofen | drug
zaleplon | drug
ibuprofen | drug
zaleplon | drug
zaleplon | drug
epinephrine | drug
norepinephrine | drug
epinephrine | drug
Duloxetine | drug
duloxetine | drug
duloxetine | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
duloxetine | drug
duloxetine | drug
duloxetine | drug
duloxetine | drug
Paroxetine | drug
duloxetine | drug
paroxetine | drug
fluoxetine | drug
quinidine | drug
Duloxetine | drug
duloxetine | drug
Duloxetine | drug
duloxetine | drug
desipramine | drug
desipramine | drug
Duloxetine | drug
nortriptyline | drug
amitriptyline | drug
imipramine | drug
propafenone | drug
flecainide | drug
Duloxetine | drug
thioridazine | drug
Duloxetine | drug
thioridazine | drug
duloxetine | drug
Duloxetine | drug
Alcohol | drug
Duloxetine | drug
ethanol | drug
Duloxetine | drug
alcohol | drug
Duloxetine | drug
Duloxetine | drug
ethanol | drug
Duloxetine | drug
Duloxetine | drug
Duloxetine | drug
Duloxetine | drug
duloxetine | drug
Duloxetine | drug
aluminum | drug
magnesium | drug
Duloxetine | drug
famotidine | drug
duloxetine | drug
duloxetine | drug
paroxetine | drug
succinylcholine | drug
succinylcholine | drug
succinylcholine | drug
succinylcholine | drug
succinylcholine | drug
succinylcholine | drug
succinylcholine | drug
vecuronium | drug
pancuronium | drug
atracurium | drug
Isoflurane | drug
enflurane | drug
nitrous oxide | drug
oxygen | drug
isoflurane | drug
enflurane | drug
enflurane | drug
isoflurane | drug
propofol | drug
bacitracin | drug
lincomycin | drug
clindamycin | drug
colistin | drug
sodium colistemethate | drug
lithium | drug
procainamide | drug
quinidine | drug
phenytoin | drug
carbamazepine | drug
phenytoin | drug
carbamazepine | drug
Nevirapine | drug
Nevirapine | drug
nevirapine | drug
nevirapine | drug
nevirapine | drug
nevirapine | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
nevirapine | drug
Nevirapine | drug
Clarithromycin | drug
Clarithromycin | drug
Clarithromycin | drug
nevirapine | drug
clarithromycin | drug
clarithromycin | drug
azithromycin | drug
Efavirenz | drug
Efavirenz | drug
Ethinyl estradiol | drug
Norethindrone | drug
Ethinyl estradiol | drug
Norethindrone | drug
nevirapine | drug
Fluconazole | drug
Nevirapine | drug
nevirapine | drug
Indinavir | drug
Indinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
Nevirapine | drug
ketoconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
Lopinavir | drug
Ritonavir | drug
Lopinavir | drug
lopinavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
nevirapine | drug
Methadone | drug
Methadone | drug
Methadone | drug
nevirapine | drug
methadone | drug
Nelfinavir | drug
Nelfinavir | drug
nelfinavir | drug
nevirapine | drug
Rifabutin | drug
Rifabutin | drug
Rifabutin | drug
rifabutin | drug
Rifampin | drug
Nevirapine | drug
Nevirapine | drug
rifampin | drug
nevirapine | drug
nevirapine | drug
rifabutin | drug
Saquinavir | drug
Saquinavir | drug
saquinavir | drug
nevirapine | drug
methadone | drug
methadone | drug
Nevirapine | drug
Amiodarone | drug
disopyramide | drug
lidocaine | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
clonazepam | drug
ethosuximide | drug
Itraconazole | drug
Diltiazem | drug
nifedipine | drug
verapamil | drug
Cyclophosphamide | drug
Ergotamine | drug
Cyclosporin | drug
tacrolimus | drug
sirolimus | drug
Cisapride | drug
Fentanyl | drug
Nevirapine | drug
Warfarin | drug
Fulvestrant | drug
fulvestrant | drug
Fulvestrant | drug
fulvestrant | drug
fulvestrant | drug
fulvestrant | drug
fulvestrant | drug
fulvestrant | drug
fulvestrant | drug
Fulvestrant | drug
fulvestrant | drug
Fulvestrant | drug
fulvestrant | drug
Fulvestrant | drug
fulvestrant | drug
fulvestrant | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
propranolol | drug
flecainide | drug
propranolol | drug
propranolol | drug
propranolol | drug
flecainide | drug
Flecainide | drug
flecainide | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenobarbital | drug
carbamazepine | drug
flecainide | drug
cimetidine | drug
flecainide | drug
amiodarone | drug
flecainide | drug
flecainide | drug
flecainide | drug
quinidine | drug
flecainide | drug
flecainide | drug
disopyramide | drug
verapamil | drug
disopyramide | drug
verapamil | drug
nifedipine | drug
diltiazem | drug
ethanol | drug
ethanol | drug
ethanol | drug
dextrose | drug
ethanol | drug
glycine | drug
glutamate | drug
glycine | drug
glycine | drug
glutamate | drug
glycine | drug
glutamate | drug
glutamate | drug
glycine | drug
glycine | drug
phosphate | drug
Vitamin D3 | drug
celecoxib | drug
Celecoxib | drug
celecoxib | drug
celecoxib | drug
celecoxib | drug
celecoxib | drug
fluconazole | drug
lithium | drug
furosemide | drug
celecoxib | drug
glyburide | drug
ketoconazole | drug
methotrexate | drug
phenytoin | drug
tolbutamide | drug
warfarin | drug
Furosemide | drug
furosemide | drug
Fluconazole | drug
fluconazole | drug
celecoxib | drug
celecoxib | drug
fluconazole | drug
fluconazole | drug
Lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
Methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
Warfarin | drug
celecoxib | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
celecoxib | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
Lapatinib | drug
Lapatinib | drug
lapatinib | drug
Lapatinib | drug
Lapatinib | drug
Lapatinib | drug
lapatinib | drug
lapatinib | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
lapatinib | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
carbamazepine | drug
lapatinib | drug
Lapatinib | drug
lapatinib | drug
lapatinib | drug
capecitabine | drug
capecitabine | drug
Etonogestrel | drug
acetaminophen | drug
ampicillin | drug
tetracycline | drug
Phenobarbital | drug
atorvastatin | drug
clofibrate | drug
cyclosporine | drug
morphine | drug
phenylbutazone | drug
prednisolone | drug
rifampin | drug
temazepam | drug
theophylline | drug
vitamin C | drug
glutamic acid | drug
nisoldipine | drug
cimetidine 400 mg | drug
Ranitidine | drug
nisoldipine | drug
phenytoin | drug
nisoldipine | drug
phenytoin | drug
nisoldipine | drug
atenolol | drug
propranolol | drug
Propranolol | drug
nisoldipine | drug
atenolol | drug
Quinidine | drug
nisoldipine | drug
nisoldipine | drug
quinidine | drug
nisoldipine | drug
warfarin | drug
digoxin | drug
flecainide | drug
vinblastine | drug
thioridazine | drug
Amitriptyline | drug
cinacalcet | drug
amitriptyline | drug
amitriptyline | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
cinacalcet | drug
ketoconazole | drug
erythromycin | drug
itraconazole | drug
Tetracycline | drug
penicillin | drug
calcium | drug
L-lysine | drug
calcium | drug
Dicumarol | drug
warfarin | drug
alcohol | drug
ethchlorvynol | drug
DEET | drug
N-diethyl-m-toluamide | drug
DEET | drug
DEET | drug
Desmopressin | drug
Desmopressin | drug
disulfiram | drug
ethanol | drug
disulfiram | drug
ethanol | drug
ethanol | drug
disulfiram | drug
ethanol | drug
ethanol | drug
ethanol | drug
ethanol | drug
ethanol | drug
ethanol | drug
ethanol | drug
Alcohol | drug
insulin | drug
Cholestyramine | drug
colestipol | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
cholestyramine | drug
colestipol | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
ACTH | drug
norepinephrine | drug
tubocurarine | drug
Lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
Hydrochlorothiazide | drug
Hydrochlorothiazide | drug
cimetidine | drug
verografin | drug
iodamide | drug
cimetidine | drug
verografine | drug
iodamide | drug
verografine | drug
iodamide | drug
cimetidine | drug
cardiotrast | drug
cimetidine | drug
verografine | drug
iodamide | drug
Medroxyprogesterone Acetate | drug
L-histidine | drug
medroxyprogesterone acetate | drug
L-histidine | drug
disulfiram | drug
thioridazine | drug
Erythromycin | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
erythromycin | drug
erythromycin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
erythromycin | drug
erythromycin | drug
erythromycin | drug
ergotamine | drug
dihydroergotamine | drug
Erythromycin | drug
triazolam | drug
midazolam | drug
erythromycin | drug
erythromycin | drug
carbamazepine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
tacrolimus | drug
hexobarbital | drug
phenytoin | drug
alfentanil | drug
cisapride | drug
disopyramide | drug
lovastatin | drug
bromocriptine | drug
valproate | drug
terfenadine | drug
astemizole | drug
erythromycin | drug
Erythromycin | drug
terfenadine | drug
astemizole | drug
terfenadine | drug
erythromycin | drug
erythromycin | drug
cisapride | drug
cisapride | drug
erythromycin | drug
lovastatin | drug
erythromycin | drug
indinavir | drug
IDV | drug
didanosine | drug
IDV | drug
indinavir | drug
didanosine | drug
indinavir | drug
didanosine | drug
indinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
didanosine | drug
indinavir | drug
didanosine | drug
Indinavir | drug
didanosine | drug
fosphenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
fosphenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
fosphenytoin | drug
fosphenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
diazepam | drug
diazepam | drug
phenytoin | drug
Phenytoin | drug
Phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
Phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
alcohol | drug
amiodarone | drug
chlordiazepoxide | drug
cimetidine | drug
diazepam | drug
dicumarol | drug
disulfiram | drug
ethosuximide | drug
fluoxetine | drug
halothane | drug
isoniazid | drug
methylphenidate | drug
phenylbutazone | drug
tolbutamide | drug
trazodone | drug
phenytoin | drug
carbamazepine | drug
alcohol | drug
reserpine | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenobarbital | drug
sodium valproate | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenobarbital | drug
valproic acid | drug
valproate | drug
phenytoin | drug
digitoxin | drug
doxycycline | drug
furosemide | drug
rifampin | drug
quinidine | drug
theophylline | drug
phenytoin | drug
Phenytoin | drug
Phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
levamisole hydrochloride | drug
alcohol | drug
phenytoin | drug
levamisole | drug
warfarin sodium | drug
warfarin sodium | drug
ergotamine | drug
dihydroergotamine | drug
methysergide | drug
fluoxetine | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
paroxetine | drug
sertraline | drug
frovatriptan | drug
fluvastatin | drug
Fluvastatin | drug
lovastatin | drug
simvastatin | drug
pravastatin | drug
fluvastatin | drug
fluvastatin | drug
fluvastatin | drug
fluvastatin | drug
fluvastatin | drug
fluvastatin | drug
fluvastatin | drug
fluvastatin | drug
fluvastatin | drug
Cholestyramine | drug
fluvastatin | drug
cholestyramine | drug
fluvastatin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
fluvastatin | drug
niacin | drug
propranolol | drug
fluvastatin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
fluvastatin | drug
clonidine hydrochloride | drug
clonidine | drug
Clonidine hydrochloride | drug
alcohol | drug
Amitriptyline | drug
clonidine | drug
Clonidine | drug
alcohol | drug
clonidine | drug
clonidine | drug
clonidine | drug
clonidine | drug
clonidine | drug
fluphenazine | drug
clonidine | drug
clonidine | drug
clonidine | drug
clonidine | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
digoxin | drug
warfarin | drug
nifedipine | drug
sulphenazole | drug
tolbutamide | drug
nifedipine | drug
irbesartan | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
digoxin | drug
irbesartan | drug
warfarin | drug
digoxin | drug
irbesartan | drug
nifedipine | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
Lovastatin | drug
lovastatin | drug
Itraconazole | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
Erythromycin | drug
Clarithromycin | drug
Telithromycin | drug
Nefazodone | drug
Cyclosporine | drug
Gemfibrozil | drug
Niacin | drug
nicotinic acid | drug
Danazol | drug
danazol | drug
lovastatin | drug
Amiodarone | drug
Verapamil | drug
amiodarone | drug
verapamil | drug
lovastatin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
lovastatin | drug
lovastatin | drug
lovastatin | drug
Lovastatin | drug
Propranolol | drug
lovastatin | drug
propranolol | drug
Digoxin | drug
lovastatin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
glipizide | drug
chlorpropamide | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
caffeine | drug
caffeine | drug
cinoxacin | drug
cinoxacin | drug
caffeine | drug
sucralfate | drug
iron | drug
zinc | drug
didanosine | drug
cinoxacin | drug
warfarin | drug
fenbufen | drug
Fenbufen | drug
cinoxacin | drug
cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
interferon beta-1a | drug
interferon beta-1a | drug
glatiramer acetate | drug
beta-interferon | drug
glatiramer acetate | drug
allopurinol | drug
allopurinol | drug
Mercaptopurine | drug
Azathioprine | drug
Allopurinol | drug
mercaptopurine | drug
azathioprine | drug
6-thiouric acid | drug
mercaptopurine | drug
mercaptopurine | drug
azathioprine | drug
allopurinol | drug
mercaptopurine | drug
azathioprine | drug
mercaptopurine | drug
azathioprine | drug
Dicumarol | drug
allopurinol | drug
dicumarol | drug
allopurinol | drug
dicumarol | drug
oxipurinol | drug
oxipurinol | drug
allopurinol | drug
allopurinol | drug
allopurinol | drug
allopurinol | drug
allopurinol | drug
allopurinol | drug
allopurinol | drug
Ampicillin | drug
Amoxicillin | drug
ampicillin | drug
amoxicillin | drug
allopurinol | drug
cyclophosphamide | drug
allopurinol | drug
allopurinol | drug
cyclophosphamide | drug
doxorubicin | drug
bleomycin | drug
procarbazine | drug
mechlorethamine | drug
Chlorpropamide | drug
Chlorpropamide | drug
allopurinol | drug
allopurinol | drug
chlorpropamide | drug
allopurinol | drug
chlorpropamide | drug
Cyclosporin | drug
cyclosporine | drug
allopurinol sodium | drug
cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
Tolbutamide | drug
thioridazine | drug
amphotericin B | drug
clindamycin | drug
gentamicin | drug
clindamycin | drug
gentamicin | drug
clindamycin | drug
Gentamicin | drug
clindamycin | drug
gentamicin | drug
clindamycin | drug
gentamicin | drug
clindamycin | drug
gentamicin | drug
clindamycin | drug
gentamicin | drug
clindamycin | drug
dasatinib | drug
Dasatinib | drug
ketoconazole | drug
itraconazole | drug
erythromycin | drug
clarithromycin | drug
ritonavir | drug
atazanavir | drug
indinavir | drug
nefazodone | drug
nelfinavir | drug
saquinavir | drug
telithromycin | drug
dasatinib | drug
dasatinib | drug
dasatinib | drug
dexamethasone | drug
phenytoin | drug
carbamazepine | drug
rifampicin | drug
phenobarbital | drug
dasatinib | drug
famotidine | drug
omeprazole | drug
dasatinib | drug
dasatinib | drug
Dasatinib | drug
alfentanil | drug
astemizole | drug
terfenadine | drug
cisapride | drug
cyclosporine | drug
fentanyl | drug
pimozide | drug
quinidine | drug
sirolimus | drug
tacrolimus | drug
ergotamine | drug
dihydroergotamine | drug
dasatinib | drug
Dasatinib | drug
dasatinib | drug
cisplatin | drug
cyclosporine | drug
foscarnet | drug
cyclophosphamide | drug
phenobarbital | drug
cyclophosphamide | drug
cyclophosphamide | drug
Cyclophosphamide | drug
succinylcholine chloride | drug
cyclophosphamide | drug
oxyphenbutazone | drug
oxyphenbutazone | drug
insulin | drug
Folic acid | drug
phenobarbital | drug
phenytoin | drug
primidone | drug
leucovorin | drug
methotrexate | drug
leucovorin | drug
methotrexate | drug
Leucovorin | drug
5-fluorouracil | drug
nabumetone | drug
warfarin | drug
aluminum | drug
Aminoglutethimide | drug
Aminoglutethimide | drug
Amphotericin B | drug
amphotericin B | drug
amphotericin B | drug
hydrocortisone | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
isoniazid | drug
Cholestyramine | drug
Cholestyramine | drug
Cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
indomethacin | drug
Ephedrine | drug
Ephedrine | drug
phenytoin | drug
carbamazepine | drug
rifampin | drug
ketoconazole | drug
erythromycin | drug
Dexamethasone | drug
indinavir | drug
erythromycin | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
corticosteroid | drug
Phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
dexamethasone | drug
Thalidomide | drug
thalidomide | drug
latanoprost | drug
alefacept | drug
alefacept | drug
Bepridil | drug
nitroglycerin | drug
Bepridil | drug
Bepridil | drug
Digoxin | drug
bepridil hydrochloride | drug
digoxin | drug
bepridil hydrochloride | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
Bepridil | drug
insulin | drug
bepridil hydrochloride | drug
bepridil hydrochloride | drug
quinidine | drug
procainamide | drug
bepridil hydrochloride | drug
bepridil hydrochloride | drug
Azlocillin | drug
amikacin | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
gentamicin | drug
netilmicin | drug
tobramycin | drug
dobutamine | drug
dobutamine | drug
nitroprusside | drug
dobutamine | drug
furosemide | drug
spironolactone | drug
lidocaine | drug
glyceryl trinitrate | drug
isosorbide dinitrate | drug
morphine | drug
atropine | drug
heparin | drug
protamine | drug
potassium chloride | drug
folic acid | drug
acetaminophen | drug
enflurane | drug
isoflurane | drug
halothane | drug
lithium | drug
magnesium | drug
procainamide | drug
enflurane | drug
isoflurane | drug
halothane | drug
lithium | drug
magnesium | drug
procainamide | drug
quinidine | drug
succinylcholine | drug
succinylcholine | drug
Codeine | drug
alcohol | drug
Furosemide | drug
Furosemide | drug
ethacrynic acid | drug
furosemide | drug
Furosemide | drug
tubocurarine | drug
succinylcholine | drug
Lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
Furosemide | drug
Furosemide | drug
norepinephrine | drug
norepinephrine | drug
sucralfate | drug
furosemide | drug
furosemide | drug
furosemide | drug
furosemide | drug
sucralfate | drug
furosemide | drug
acetylsalicylic acid | drug
furosemide | drug
indomethacin | drug
furosemide | drug
Indomethacin | drug
indomethacin | drug
furosemide | drug
furosemide | drug
irinotecan | drug
irinotecan | drug
melarsoprol | drug
melarsoprol | drug
thiabendazole | drug
melarsoprol | drug
melarsoprol | drug
iron | drug
reserpine | drug
acebutolol | drug
digoxin | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
hydralazine | drug
sulfinpyrazone | drug
tolbutamide | drug
warfarin | drug
pentagastrin | drug
histamine | drug
pentagastrin | drug
histamine | drug
CCNU | drug
CCNU | drug
CCNU | drug
CCNU | drug
CCNU | drug
CCNU | drug
CCNU | drug
Cyclosporine | drug
L-arginine | drug
cyclosporin | drug
Ibuprofen | drug
L-arginine | drug
ibuprofen | drug
L-arginine | drug
nitrates | drug
Sildenafil citrate | drug
L-arginine | drug
sildenafil citrate | drug
Interferon beta | drug
Interferon beta | drug
sodium fluorescein | drug
NaFlu | drug
bacitracin | drug
insulin | drug
Cysteine | drug
cysteine | drug
NaFlu | drug
cysteine | drug
Cysteine | drug
cysteine | drug
NaFlu | drug
cysteine | drug
NaFlu | drug
bacitracin | drug
insulin | drug
cysteine | drug
NaFlu | drug
bacitracin | drug
insulin | drug
cefotaxime sodium | drug
anidulafungin | drug
arginine | drug
arginine | drug
glucose | drug
theophylline | drug
Theophylline | drug
Glucose | drug
theophylline | drug
Arginine | drug
glucose | drug
theophylline | drug
Arginine | drug
glucose | drug
theophylline | drug
arginine | drug
arginine | drug
glucose | drug
theophylline | drug
glucose | drug
Methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
Furosemide | drug
furosemide | drug
furosemide | drug
Lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
Warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
magnesium hydroxide | drug
mefenamic acid | drug
mefenamic acid | drug
fluconazole | drug
lovastatin | drug
trimethoprim | drug
mefenamic acid | drug
bromocriptine mesylate | drug
alcohol | drug
bromocriptine mesylate | drug
Bromocriptine mesylate | drug
bromocriptine mesylate | drug
haloperidol | drug
metoclopramide | drug
pimozide | drug
bromocriptine mesylate | drug
lenalidomide | drug
lenalidomide | drug
lenalidomide | drug
R- warfarin | drug
S- warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
lenalidomide | drug
warfarin | drug
lenalidomide | drug
Fenfluramine | drug
guanethidine | drug
methyldopa | drug
reserpine | drug
fenfluramine | drug
Bentiromide | drug
acetaminophen | drug
chloramphenicol | drug
benzocaine | drug
lidocaine | drug
procainamide | drug
flumazenil | drug
zopiclone | drug
flumazenil | drug
ethanol | drug
flumazenil | drug
flumazenil | drug
diazepam | drug
midazolam | drug
alcohol | drug
quinidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
flecainide | drug
fluoxetine | drug
paroxetine | drug
fluoxetine | drug
desipramine hydrochloride | drug
desipramine | drug
chlordiazepoxide | drug
diazepam | drug
desipramine | drug
cimetidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
fluoxetine | drug
Anastrozole | drug
Anastrozole | drug
Anastrozole | drug
antipyrine | drug
antipyrine | drug
warfarin | drug
anastrozole | drug
warfarin | drug
tamoxifen | drug
tamoxifen | drug
tamoxifen | drug
anastrozole | drug
anastrozole | drug
tamoxifen | drug
anastrozole | drug
anastrozole | drug
Dexbrompheniramine | drug
alcohol | drug
atropine | drug
pralidoxime | drug
atropine | drug
pralidoxime | drug
atropine | drug
atropine | drug
pralidoxime | drug
Sulfacetamide | drug
silver | drug
butalbital | drug
Butalbital | drug
acetaminophen | drug
caffeine | drug
alcohol | drug
chlordiazepoxide | drug
Acetaminophen | drug
estradiol | drug
progesterone | drug
noradrenaline | drug
estradiol | drug
progesterone | drug
noradrenaline | drug
estradiol | drug
progesterone | drug
noradrenaline | drug
estradiol | drug
noradrenaline | drug
estradiol | drug
noradrenaline | drug
progesterone | drug
progesterone | drug
estradiol | drug
noradrenaline | drug
cefotetan | drug
Levofloxacin | drug
theophylline | drug
caffeine | drug
warfarin | drug
cyclosporine | drug
alcohol | drug
levorphanol | drug
levorphanol | drug
pentazocine | drug
nalbuphine | drug
butorphanol | drug
dezocine | drug
buprenorphine | drug
diazepam | drug
midazolam | drug
morphine | drug
metamizol | drug
indomethacin | drug
midazolam | drug
diazepam | drug
morphine | drug
metamizol | drug
indomethacin | drug
Diazepam | drug
morphine | drug
morphine | drug
diazepam | drug
metamizol | drug
indomethacin | drug
Midazolam | drug
morphine | drug
metamizol | drug
indomethacin | drug
chloramphenicol | drug
probenecid | drug
phenytoin | drug
nicotinic acid | drug
isoniazid | drug
glyburide | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
glyburide | drug
miconazole | drug
miconazole | drug
Metformin | drug
glyburide | drug
glyburide | drug
metformin | drug
metformin | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
primidone | drug
primidone | drug
primidone | drug
Acetazolamide | drug
Acetazolamide | drug
antidiabetic | drug
Acetazolamide | drug
amphetamine | drug
Acetazolamide | drug
quinidine | drug
Acetazolamide | drug
methenamine | drug
Acetazolamide | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
Acetazolamide | drug
sodium bicarbonate | drug
Acetazolamide | drug
cyclosporine | drug
Chlorotrianisene | drug
bromocriptine | drug
calcium | drug
corticotropin | drug
cyclosporine | drug
dantrolene | drug
nicotine | drug
somatropin | drug
tamoxifen | drug
warfarin | drug
idoxuridine | drug
boric acid | drug
Boric acid | drug
idoxuridine | drug
idoxuridine | drug
etomidate | drug
Probenecid | drug
etomidate | drug
Diazoxide | drug
etomidate | drug
Aminophylline | drug
Etomidate | drug
Midazolam | drug
Vitamin B3 | drug
Niacin | drug
Nicotinic acid | drug
nicotinic acid | drug
alcohol | drug
antithrombin 3 | drug
isosorbide mononitrate | drug
Alcohol | drug
ketamine | drug
halothane | drug
ketamine | drug
halothane | drug
ketamine | drug
halothane | drug
ketamine | drug
ketamine | drug
ketamine | drug
ketamine | drug
halothane | drug
ketamine | drug
ketamine | drug
halothane | drug
Terfenadine | drug
dirithromycin | drug
terfenadine | drug
terfenadine | drug
terfenadine | drug
dirithromycin | drug
terfenadine | drug
terfenadine | drug
terfenadine | drug
dirithromycin | drug
terfenadine | drug
terfenadine | drug
terfenadine | drug
terfenadine | drug
dirithromycin | drug
terfenadine | drug
terfenadine | drug
terfenadine | drug
dirithromycin | drug
dirithromycin | drug
terfenadine | drug
erythromycin | drug
terfenadine | drug
dirithromycin | drug
terfenadine | drug
terfenadine | drug
Theophylline | drug
dirithromycin | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
dirithromycin | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
dirithromycin | drug
dirithromycin | drug
erythromycin | drug
dirithromycin | drug
dirithromycin | drug
Triazolam | drug
Erythromycin | drug
triazolam | drug
triazolam | drug
Digoxin | drug
erythromycin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
erythromycin | drug
erythromycin | drug
Ergotamine | drug
erythromycin | drug
ergotamine | drug
dihydroergotamine | drug
erythromycin | drug
cyclosporine | drug
hexobarbital | drug
carbamazepine | drug
alfentanil | drug
disopyramide | drug
phenytoin | drug
bromocriptine | drug
valproate | drug
astemizole | drug
lovastatin | drug
cobalt | drug
iron | drug
cobalt | drug
iron | drug
Co | drug
Fe | drug
Cobalt | drug
cobalt | drug
iron | drug
iron | drug
cobalt | drug
cobalt | drug
Fe | drug
Fe | drug
cobalt | drug
iron | drug
cobalt | drug
cobalt | drug
iron | drug
cobalt | drug
iron | drug
iron | drug
Fe | drug
methotrexate | drug
etanercept | drug
etanercept | drug
etanercept | drug
probenecid | drug
cefprozil | drug
cefprozil | drug
alcohol | drug
spironolactone | drug
levodopa | drug
digoxin | drug
ketoconazole | drug
budesonide | drug
ketoconazole | drug
intraconazole | drug
ritonavir | drug
indinavir | drug
saquinavir | drug
erythromycin | drug
budesonide | drug
budesonide | drug
budesonide | drug
ardeparin | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
digoxin | drug
warfarin | drug
cimetidine | drug
phenobarbital | drug
Rifampin | drug
losartan | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
losartan | drug
losartan | drug
erythromycin | drug
Fluconazole | drug
losartan | drug
losartan | drug
losartan | drug
losartan | drug
spironolactone | drug
triamterene | drug
amiloride | drug
potassium | drug
losartan | drug
indomethacin | drug
Mefloquine | drug
propranolol | drug
Mefloquine | drug
halofantrine | drug
Mefloquine | drug
Mefloquine | drug
quinine | drug
quinidine | drug
chloroquine | drug
Mefloquine | drug
halofantrine | drug
Mefloquine | drug
anti-arrhythmic | drug
valproic acid | drug
carbamazepine | drug
phenobarbital | drug
phenytoin | drug
Mefloquine | drug
Mefloquine | drug
Mefloquine | drug
Mefloquine | drug
Mefloquine | drug
sulfadoxine | drug
pyrimethamine | drug
colestipol hydrochloride | drug
colestipol hydrochloride | drug
colestipol hydrochloride | drug
propranolol | drug
propranolol | drug
colestipol hydrochloride | drug
propranolol | drug
propranolol | drug
propranolol | drug
chlorothiazide | drug
colestipol hydrochloride | drug
tetracycline | drug
furosemide | drug
penicillin G | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
gemfibrozil | drug
colestipol hydrochloride | drug
colestipol hydrochloride | drug
colestipol hydrochloride | drug
clofibrate | drug
methyldopa | drug
nicotinic acid | drug
niacin | drug
tolbutamide | drug
phenytoin | drug
warfarin | drug
colestipol hydrochloride | drug
digoxin | drug
digitoxin | drug
colestipol hydrochloride | drug
colestipol hydrochloride | drug
phosphate | drug
hydrocortisone | drug
Fluvoxamine | drug
Fluvoxamine | drug
Terfenadine | drug
Astemizole | drug
Cisapride | drug
Terfenadine | drug
astemizole | drug
cisapride | drug
ketoconazole | drug
terfenadine | drug
astemizole | drug
cisapride | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
alprazolam | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
alprazolam | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
terbinafine | drug
astemizole | drug
cisapride | drug
alprazolam | drug
midazolam | drug
triazolam | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
lorazepam | drug
oxazepam | drug
temazepam | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
Alprazolam | drug
fluvoxamine maleate | drug
alprazolam | drug
alprazolam | drug
alprazolam | drug
alprazolam | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
alprazolam | drug
Fluvoxamine | drug
alprazolam | drug
Fluvoxamine | drug
Diazepam | drug
Fluvoxamine | drug
diazepam | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
diazepam | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
diazepam | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
diazepam | drug
diazepam | drug
diazepam | drug
alprazolam | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
diazepam | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
Theophylline | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
Theophylline | drug
aminophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
fluvoxamine maleate | drug
theophylline | drug
Fluvoxamine | drug
Warfarin | drug
fluvoxamine maleate | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
Fluvoxamine | drug
Fluvoxamine | drug
Chlorthalidone | drug
Insulin | drug
chlorthalidone | drug
Chlorthalidone | drug
tubocurarine | drug
Chlorthalidone | drug
norepinephrine | drug
Metformin | drug
cephalexin | drug
metformin | drug
metformin | drug
metformin | drug
cephalexin | drug
metformin | drug
cephalexin | drug
metformin | drug
metformin | drug
cephalexin | drug
metformin | drug
Probenecid | drug
cephalexin | drug
probenecid | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
carbamazepine 10,11-epoxide | drug
carbamazepine | drug
Acetazolamide | drug
cimetidine | drug
clarithromycin | drug
dalfopristin | drug
danazol | drug
delavirdine | drug
diltiazem | drug
erythromycin | drug
fluoxetine | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
isoniazid | drug
itraconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
loratadine | drug
nefazodone | drug
niacinamide | drug
nicotinamide | drug
propoxyphene | drug
quinine | drug
quinupristin | drug
troleandomycin | drug
valproate | drug
verapamil | drug
zileuton | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
carbamazepine | drug
Cisplatin | drug
doxorubicin HCL | drug
felbamate | drug
rifampin | drug
phenobarbital | drug
Phenytoin | drug
primidone | drug
methsuximide | drug
theophylline | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
carbamazepine | drug
Acetaminophen | drug
alprazolam | drug
amitriptyline | drug
bupropion | drug
buspirone | drug
citalopram | drug
clobazam | drug
clonazepam | drug
clozapine | drug
cyclosporin | drug
delavirdine | drug
desipramine | drug
diazepam | drug
dicumarol | drug
doxycycline | drug
ethosuximide | drug
felbamate | drug
felodipine | drug
haloperidol | drug
itraconazole | drug
lamotrigine | drug
levothyroxine | drug
lorazepam | drug
methadone | drug
midazolam | drug
mirtazapine | drug
nortriptyline | drug
olanzapine | drug
oxcarbazepine | drug
Phenytoin | drug
praziquantel | drug
quetiapine | drug
risperidone | drug
theophylline | drug
topiramate | drug
tiagabine | drug
tramadol | drug
triazolam | drug
valproate | drug
warfarin | drug
ziprasidone | drug
zonisamide | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
Clomipramine HCl | drug
Phenytoin | drug
primidone | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
carbamazepine | drug
lithium | drug
carbamazepine | drug
chloroquine | drug
mefloquine | drug
carbamazepine | drug
alcohol | drug
phenobarbitone | drug
phenytoin | drug
alcohol | drug
methyldopa | drug
mecamylamine | drug
reserpine | drug
veratrum alkaloids | drug
pseudoephedrine | drug
pseudoephedrine | drug
kaolin | drug
phenytoin | drug
propranolol | drug
nifedipine | drug
chlordiazepoxide | drug
diazepam | drug
lidocaine | drug
theophylline | drug
metronidazole | drug
phenytoin | drug
lidocaine | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
ketoconazole | drug
cimetidine | drug
alcohol | drug
ethinamate | drug
guanethidine | drug
clonidine | drug
CMI | drug
CMI | drug
haloperidol | drug
methylphenidate | drug
cimetidine | drug
fluoxetine | drug
phenytoin | drug
CMI | drug
CMI | drug
phenobarbital | drug
quinidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
propafenone | drug
flecainide | drug
fluoxetine | drug
sertraline | drug
paroxetine | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
Fluvoxamine | drug
fluoxetine | drug
warfarin | drug
digoxin | drug
cefamandole naftate | drug
cephalothin sodium | drug
magnesium sulfate | drug
prednisolone sodium succinate | drug
prochlorperazine edisylate | drug
dorzolamide | drug
dorzolamide | drug
amphotericin B | drug
amphotericin B | drug
amphotericin B | drug
amphotericin B | drug
amphotericin B | drug
adenosine | drug
quinidine | drug
Digoxin | drug
verapamil | drug
adenosine | drug
caffeine | drug
theophylline | drug
adenosine | drug
adenosine | drug
Adenosine | drug
dipyridamole | drug
adenosine | drug
dipyridamole | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
adenosine | drug
carbamazepine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
azathioprine | drug
mycophenolate mofetil | drug
azathioprine | drug
mycophenolate mofetil | drug
cyclosporine | drug
azathioprine | drug
mycophenolate mofetil | drug
azathioprine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
mycophenolate mofetil | drug
muromonab-CD3 | drug
radiopertechnetate | drug
radiopertechnetate | drug
pertechnetate | drug
radiopertechnetate | drug
pertechnetate | drug
calcium | drug
calcium | drug
calcium acetate | drug
calcium | drug
alcohol | drug
Acamprosate | drug
alcohol | drug
acamprosate | drug
disulfiram | drug
diazepam | drug
acamprosate | drug
naltrexone | drug
Acamprosate | drug
acamprosate | drug
naltrexone | drug
Acamprosate | drug
Acamprosate | drug
Acamprosate | drug
Fluvoxamine | drug
tolbutamide | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
tolbutamide | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
tolbutamide | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
tolbutamide | drug
tolbutamide | drug
tolbutamide | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
tolbutamide | drug
tolbutamide | drug
tolbutamide | drug
tolbutamide | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
Fluvoxamine | drug
Clozapine | drug
Clozapine | drug
Clozapine | drug
Clozapine | drug
alcohol | drug
clozapine | drug
Clozapine | drug
Clozapine | drug
clozapine | drug
Clozapine | drug
atropine | drug
epinephrine | drug
epinephrine | drug
Clozapine | drug
clozapine | drug
Phenytoin | drug
nicotine | drug
rifampin | drug
Clozapine | drug
Clozapine | drug
clozapine | drug
Cimetidine | drug
caffeine | drug
erythromycin | drug
Clozapine | drug
Clozapine | drug
carbamazepine | drug
carbamazepine | drug
Clozapine | drug
clozapine | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
paroxetine | drug
clozapine | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
Paroxetine | drug
clozapine | drug
clozapine | drug
clozapine | drug
paroxetine | drug
fluoxetine | drug
sertraline | drug
Clozapine | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
Clozapine | drug
debrisoquin | drug
dextromethorphan | drug
clozapine | drug
clozapine | drug
clozapine | drug
clozapine | drug
clozapine | drug
clozapine | drug
carbamazepine | drug
propafenone | drug
flecainide | drug
encainide | drug
quinidine | drug
griseofulvin | drug
alcohol | drug
clonidine | drug
phenobarbital | drug
phenytoin | drug
rifampin | drug
troleandomycin | drug
ketoconazole | drug
corticosteroid | drug
insulin | drug
disopyramide | drug
fluoxetine | drug
propoxyphene | drug
octreotide | drug
niacin | drug
danazol | drug
epinephrine | drug
salbutamol | drug
terbutaline | drug
isoniazid | drug
somatropin | drug
clonidine | drug
lithium | drug
alcohol | drug
insulin | drug
Pentamidine | drug
clonidine | drug
guanethidine | drug
reserpine | drug
NPH human insulin | drug
NPH human insulin | drug
zinc insulin | drug
insulin | drug
insulin | drug
docetaxel | drug
cyclosporine | drug
terfenadine | drug
ketoconazole | drug
erythromycin | drug
troleandomycin | drug
Alcohol | drug
cimetidine | drug
penicillin | drug
aluminum | drug
calcium | drug
magnesium | drug
iron | drug
tetracycline | drug
bismuth subsalicylate | drug
carbamazepine | drug
phenytoin | drug
doxycycline | drug
tetracycline | drug
methoxyflurane | drug
tetracycline | drug
Fentanyl | drug
fentanyl | drug
ritonavir | drug
ketoconazole | drug
itraconazole | drug
troleandomycin | drug
clarithromycin | drug
nelfinavir | drug
fentanyl | drug
diltiazem | drug
erythromycin | drug
fentanyl | drug
fentanyl | drug
fentanyl | drug
alcohol | drug
miconazole | drug
miconazole | drug
miconazole nitrate | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
carbamazepine | drug
carbamazepine | drug
Warfarin | drug
cefixime | drug
nitroprusside | drug
nitroferricyanide | drug
nifedipine | drug
Nifedipine | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
nifedipine | drug
digoxin | drug
nifedipine | drug
nifedipine | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
nifedipine | drug
Quinidine | drug
quinidine | drug
nifedipine | drug
quinidine | drug
nifedipine | drug
nifedipine | drug
Cimetidine | drug
nifedipine | drug
cimetidine | drug
nifedipine | drug
Ranitidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
nifedipine | drug
nifedipine | drug
cimetidine | drug
verapamil | drug
nifedipine | drug
diltiazem | drug
verapamil | drug
diltiazem | drug
nifedipine | drug
trimethoprim | drug
sulfamethoxazole | drug
TMP | drug
SMX | drug
TMP | drug
SMX | drug
TMP | drug
SMX | drug
TMP | drug
SMX | drug
rifampin | drug
dapsone | drug
dapsone | drug
pyrimethamine | drug
cyclophosphamide | drug
doxorubicin | drug
vincristine | drug
prednisone | drug
cyclophosphamide | drug
doxorubicin | drug
vincristine | drug
prednisone | drug
cyclophosphamide | drug
doxorubicin | drug
teniposide | drug
prednisone | drug
vincristine | drug
bleomycin | drug
Atovaquone | drug
atovaquone | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
atovaquone | drug
Rifampin | drug
rifampin | drug
atovaquone | drug
rifampin | drug
Rifabutin | drug
rifamycin | drug
rifampin | drug
rifampin | drug
rifabutin | drug
phenytoin | drug
primidone | drug
metformin | drug
sulfasalazine | drug
triamterene | drug
Methotrexate | drug
vitamin B12 | drug
folic acid | drug
Folic acid | drug
folic acid | drug
folic acid | drug
folic acid | drug
folic acid | drug
vitamin B12 | drug
folic acid | drug
Ethanol | drug
etretinate | drug
acitretin | drug
ethanol | drug
Glibenclamide | drug
acitretin | drug
glibenclamide | drug
chlorpropamide | drug
glibenclamide | drug
acitretin | drug
acitretin | drug
acitretin | drug
progestin | drug
progestin | drug
Soriatane | drug
acitretin | drug
Methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
etretinate | drug
methotrexate | drug
acitretin | drug
Phenytoin | drug
acitretin | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
acitretin | drug
acitretin | drug
acitretin | drug
cimetidine | drug
digoxin | drug
glyburide | drug
acitretin | drug
warfarin | drug
Oxcarbazepine | drug
oxcarbazepine | drug
Oxcarbazepine | drug
oxcarbazepine | drug
OXC | drug
OXC | drug
oxcarbazepine | drug
valproic acid | drug
lamotrigine | drug
oxcarbazepine | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
Phenobarbital | drug
Phenytoin | drug
Valproic acid | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenobarbital | drug
carbamazepine | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenobarbital | drug
ethinylestradiol | drug
levonorgestrel | drug
felodipine | drug
Verapamil | drug
Cimetidine | drug
erythromycin | drug
dextropropoxyphene | drug
warfarin | drug
Auranofin | drug
Auranofin | drug
penicillamine | drug
auranofin | drug
hydralazine | drug
diazoxide | drug
hydralazine | drug
diazoxide | drug
hydralazine | drug
metoprolol | drug
propranolol | drug
Propranolol | drug
hydralazine | drug
Acebutolol | drug
atenolol | drug
nadolol | drug
hydralazine | drug
alcohol | drug
Diphenoxylate HCl | drug
atropine sulfate | drug
diphenoxylate hydrochloride | drug
diphenoxylate | drug
amprenavir | drug
rifabutin | drug
rifampin | drug
amprenavir | drug
rifabutin | drug
rifampin | drug
amprenavir | drug
rifabutin | drug
rifampin | drug
amprenavir | drug
rifabutin | drug
amprenavir | drug
rifampin | drug
amprenavir | drug
rifabutin | drug
rifampin | drug
Rifabutin | drug
amprenavir | drug
Amprenavir | drug
rifabutin | drug
Rifampin | drug
amprenavir | drug
amprenavir | drug
rifampin | drug
Amprenavir | drug
rifabutin | drug
rifampin | drug
Amprenavir | drug
rifampin | drug
Amprenavir | drug
rifabutin | drug
Rifampin | drug
amprenavir | drug
Amprenavir | drug
rifabutin | drug
Amprenavir | drug
rifampin | drug
rifabutin | drug
disopyramide | drug
quinidine | drug
procainamide | drug
cimetidine | drug
warfarin | drug
tamoxifen | drug
letrozole | drug
kaolin | drug
kaolin | drug
chloroquine | drug
chloroquine | drug
Cimetidine | drug
Cimetidine | drug
chloroquine | drug
cimetidine | drug
Ampicillin | drug
chloroquine | drug
ampicillin | drug
chloroquine | drug
Cyclosporin | drug
chloroquine | drug
cyclosporin | drug
cyclosporin | drug
chloroquine | drug
caspofungin acetate | drug
caspofungin | drug
Caspofungin | drug
itraconazole | drug
amphotericin B | drug
mycophenolate | drug
nelfinavir | drug
tacrolimus | drug
itraconazole | drug
amphotericin B | drug
tacrolimus | drug
tacrolimus | drug
tacrolimus | drug
tacrolimus | drug
tacrolimus | drug
cyclosporine | drug
caspofungin | drug
cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
rifampin | drug
caspofungin | drug
rifampin | drug
efavirenz | drug
nevirapine | drug
phenytoin | drug
dexamethasone | drug
carbamazepine | drug
caspofungin | drug
caspofungin | drug
efavirenz | drug
nevirapine | drug
phenytoin | drug
dexamethasone | drug
carbamazepine | drug
quinidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
propafenone | drug
flecainide | drug
fluoxetine | drug
sertraline | drug
paroxetine | drug
fluoxetine | drug
tricyclic antidepressant | drug
Monoamine Oxidase Inhibitors | drug
Guanethidine | drug
thyroid | drug
alcohol | drug
barbiturates | drug
CNS depressants | drug
disulfiram | drug
amitriptyline HCl | drug
anticholinergic | drug
sympathomimetic | drug
epinephrine | drug
anesthetics | drug
amitriptyline HCl | drug
anticholinergic | drug
neuroleptic | drug
tricyclic antidepressants | drug
anticholinergic | drug
Cimetidine | drug
tricyclic antidepressants | drug
drugs | drug
tricyclic antidepressants | drug
cimetidine | drug
tricyclic antidepressants | drug
anticholinergic | drug
cimetidine | drug
drug | drug
cimetidine | drug
tricyclic antidepressants | drug
cimetidine | drug
antidepressants | drug
ethchlorvynol | drug
ethchlorvynol | drug
amitriptyline HCl | drug
phenobarbital | drug
Linezolid | drug
linezolid | drug
phenylpropanolamine | drug
pseudoephedrine | drug
dopamine | drug
epinephrine | drug
linezolid | drug
Lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
ethacrynic acid | drug
warfarin | drug
furosemide | drug
cefepime | drug
Dexamethasone | drug
retinyl acetate | drug
insulin | drug
insulin | drug
dexamethasone | drug
retinyl acetate | drug
insulin | drug
Dexamethasone | drug
retinyl acetate | drug
dexamethasone | drug
retinyl acetate | drug
Dexamethasone | drug
insulin | drug
retinyl acetate | drug
insulin | drug
dexamethasone | drug
retinyl acetate | drug
insulin | drug
Calcium | drug
calcium | drug
aluminum | drug
magnesium | drug
iron | drug
Ibandronate | drug
Ibandronate | drug
Ibandronate | drug
Ibandronate | drug
ibandronate | drug
Ibandronate | drug
Ibandronate | drug
ibandronate | drug
ibandronate | drug
Ibandronate | drug
ibandronate | drug
clarithromycin | drug
Didanosine | drug
Fluconazole | drug
Fluoxetine | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
Phenytoin | drug
carbamazepine | drug
Rifabutin | drug
Rifampin | drug
Saquinavir | drug
diltiazem hydrochloride | drug
Diltiazem | drug
diltiazem | drug
diltiazem | drug
diltiazem hydrochloride | drug
diltiazem hydrochloride | drug
propranolol | drug
propranolol | drug
propranolol | drug
propranolol | drug
diltiazem | drug
propranolol | drug
propranolol | drug
Cimetidine | drug
diltiazem | drug
cimetidine | drug
diltiazem | drug
Ranitidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
diltiazem | drug
diltiazem | drug
cimetidine | drug
diltiazem | drug
diltiazem hydrochloride | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
diltiazem hydrochloride | drug
Cyclosporine | drug
diltiazem | drug
cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
diltiazem | drug
cyclosporine | drug
diltiazem | drug
cyclosporine | drug
diltiazem | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
diltiazem | drug
carbamazepine | drug
carbamazepine | drug
diltiazem | drug
midazolam | drug
triazolam | drug
midazolam | drug
triazolam | drug
diltiazem | drug
diltiazem | drug
midazolam | drug
triazolam | drug
Lovastatin | drug
diltiazem | drug
lovastatin | drug
lovastatin | drug
lovastatin | drug
pravastatin | drug
diltiazem | drug
Diltiazem | drug
lovastatin | drug
pravastatin | drug
Rifampin | drug
rifampin | drug
diltiazem | drug
diltiazem | drug
diltiazem | drug
rifampin | drug
meperidine | drug
quinidine | drug
chloramphenicol | drug
probenecid | drug
glipizide | drug
glipizide | drug
glipizide | drug
tolbutamide | drug
dicumarol | drug
glipizide | drug
phenytoin | drug
nicotinic acid | drug
isoniazid | drug
glipizide | drug
glipizide | drug
miconazole | drug
miconazole | drug
fluconazole | drug
glipizide | drug
glipizide | drug
fluconazole | drug
glipizide | drug
fluconazole | drug
ethynyl estradiol | drug
levonorgestrel | drug
levonorgestrel | drug
ethynyl estradiol | drug
digoxin | drug
Insulin | drug
insulin | drug
insulin | drug
insulin | drug
insulin | drug
Heparin | drug
heparin | drug
heparin | drug
vancomycin | drug
cefazolin | drug
ampicillin | drug
ampicillin | drug
ceftazidime | drug
gentamicin | drug
amphotericin | drug
icodextrin | drug
Cyclopentolate | drug
carbachol | drug
pilocarpine | drug
PAH | drug
procaine | drug
thiazolesulfone | drug
Probenecid | drug
PAH | drug
probenecid | drug
PAH | drug
Heparin | drug
heparin | drug
heparin | drug
Argatroban | drug
heparin | drug
Argatroban | drug
heparin | drug
Argatroban | drug
Acetaminophen | drug
Argatroban | drug
Argatroban | drug
acetaminophen | drug
Argatroban | drug
Argatroban | drug
warfarin | drug
Argatroban | drug
warfarin | drug
Argatroban | drug
Argatroban | drug
Argatroban | drug
digoxin | drug
erythromycin | drug
nicardipine HCl | drug
Cimetidine | drug
Cimetidine | drug
nicardipine HCl | drug
Digoxin | drug
Nicardipine HCl | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
nicardipine HCl | drug
nicardipine HCl | drug
nicardipine HCl | drug
Cyclosporine | drug
nicardipine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
nicardipine | drug
furosemide | drug
propranolol | drug
dipyridamole | drug
warfarin | drug
quinidine | drug
naproxen | drug
nicardipine HCl | drug
gentamycin | drug
atracurium | drug
atracurium | drug
halothane | drug
atracurium | drug
Atracurium | drug
gentamycin | drug
Atracurium | drug
Gentamycin | drug
gentamycin | drug
atracurium | drug
atracurium | drug
gentamycin | drug
atracurium | drug
atracurium | drug
gentamycin | drug
atracurium | drug
atracurium | drug
gentamycin | drug
edrophonium | drug
gentamycin | drug
atracurium | drug
Tizoxanide | drug
nitazoxanide | drug
warfarin | drug
tizoxanide | drug
nitazoxanide | drug
cefuroxime | drug
Cefuroxime | drug
temazepam | drug
ethanol | drug
ethanol | drug
temazepam | drug
ethanol | drug
alcohol | drug
ethanol | drug
Eplerenone | drug
ketoconazole | drug
eplerenone | drug
eplerenone | drug
eplerenone | drug
erythromycin | drug
verapamil | drug
saquinavir | drug
fluconazole | drug
eplerenone | drug
enalapril | drug
enalapril | drug
Lithium | drug
eplerenone | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
eplerenone | drug
Cholestyramine | drug
warfarin | drug
propranolol | drug
tetracycline | drug
penicillin G | drug
phenobarbital | drug
thyroxine | drug
Cholestyramine | drug
cholestyramine | drug
cholestyramine | drug
cholestyramine | drug
cholestyramine | drug
cholestyramine | drug
CHOLESTYRAMINE | drug
CHOLESTYRAMINE | drug
cimetidine | drug
nifedipine | drug
chlorthalidone | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
reserpine | drug
beta-blocking | drug
clonidine | drug
clonidine | drug
nifedipine | drug
verapamil | drug
diltiazem | drug
epinephrine | drug
epinephrine | drug
Finasteride | drug
antipyrine | drug
digoxin | drug
propranolol | drug
theophylline | drug
warfarin | drug
finasteride | drug
acetaminophen | drug
acetylsalicylic acid | drug
Finasteride | drug
finasteride | drug
finasteride | drug
finasteride | drug
finasteride | drug
finasteride | drug
entecavir | drug
entecavir | drug
entecavir | drug
lamivudine | drug
adefovir dipivoxil | drug
tenofovir disoproxil fumarate | drug
probenecid | drug
cloxacillin | drug
cephaloridine | drug
probenecid | drug
probenecid | drug
cloxacillin | drug
cloxacillin | drug
probenecid | drug
cloxacillin | drug
probenecid | drug
cloxacillin | drug
probenecid | drug
probenecid | drug
cloxacillin | drug
pentazocine | drug
tripelennamine | drug
pentazocine | drug
tripelennamine | drug
pentazocine | drug
tripelennamine | drug
tripelennamine | drug
pentazocine | drug
pentazocine | drug
tripelennamine | drug
Calcium | drug
Quinidine | drug
verapamil | drug
amiodarone | drug
propafenone | drug
indomethacin | drug
itraconazole | drug
alprazolam | drug
spironolactone | drug
digoxin | drug
Erythromycin | drug
clarithromycin | drug
tetracycline | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
Propantheline | drug
diphenoxylate | drug
digoxin | drug
kaolin | drug
sulfasalazine | drug
neomycin | drug
cholestyramine | drug
metoclopramide | drug
digoxin | drug
Rifampin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
quinine | drug
penicillamine | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
Succinylcholine | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
metoclopramide | drug
Buprenorphine | drug
buprenorphine | drug
ketoconazole | drug
erythromycin | drug
ritonavir | drug
indinavir | drug
saquinavir | drug
buprenorphine | drug
buprenorphine | drug
benzodiazepines | drug
buprenorphine | drug
Ascorbic acid | drug
ascorbic acid | drug
ascorbic acid | drug
ascorbic acid | drug
ascorbic acid | drug
neomycin | drug
streptomycin | drug
kanamycin | drug
caffeine | drug
caffeine | drug
caffeine | drug
caffeine | drug
caffeine | drug
cimetidine | drug
ketoconazole | drug
caffeine | drug
caffeine | drug
phenobarbital | drug
phenytoin | drug
Caffeine | drug
ketoprofen | drug
caffeine | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
digoxin | drug
ethinylestradiol | drug
calcium carbonate | drug
cimetidine | drug
omeprazole | drug
progesterone | drug
gemifloxacin | drug
probenecid | drug
gemifloxacin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
gemifloxacin | drug
aluminum | drug
magnesium | drug
Magnesium | drug
aluminum | drug
ferrous sulfate | drug
iron | drug
zinc | drug
didanosine | drug
Sucralfate | drug
4-methylpyrazole | drug
4-methylpyrazole | drug
4-methylpyrazole | drug
phenytoin | drug
disopyramide | drug
disopyramide | drug
quinidine | drug
procainamide | drug
lidocaine | drug
propranolol | drug
propranolol | drug
diazepam | drug
quinidine | drug
disopyramide | drug
quinidine | drug
digoxin | drug
disopyramide phosphate | drug
erythromycin | drug
disopyramide | drug
disopyramide phosphate | drug
verapamil | drug
disopyramide phosphate | drug
disopyramide | drug
verapamil | drug
ketoconazole | drug
itraconazole | drug
ritonavir | drug
nelfinavir | drug
clarithromycin | drug
flecainide | drug
thioridazine | drug
darifenacin | drug
hydrocortisone | drug
d-amphetamine | drug
hydrocortisone | drug
d-amphetamine | drug
Hydrocortisone | drug
d-amphetamine | drug
rantidine hydrochloride | drug
Hydrocortisone | drug
hydrocortisone | drug
d-amphetamine | drug
d-amphetamine | drug
warfarin | drug
heparin | drug
heparin | drug
warfarin | drug
dextran | drug
bivalirudin | drug
ergotamine | drug
dihydroergotamine | drug
methysergide | drug
naratriptan | drug
naratriptan | drug
naratriptan | drug
fluoxetine | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
paroxetine | drug
sertraline | drug
naratriptan | drug
Levetiracetam | drug
levetiracetam | drug
valproic acid | drug
Levetiracetam | drug
phenytoin | drug
valproate | drug
digoxin | drug
warfarin | drug
probenecid | drug
Phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
levetiracetam | drug
phenytoin | drug
Valproate | drug
valproate | drug
Valproate | drug
levetiracetam | drug
carbamazepine | drug
gabapentin | drug
lamotrigine | drug
phenobarbital | drug
phenytoin | drug
primidone | drug
valproate | drug
levetiracetam | drug
levetiracetam | drug
levetiracetam | drug
levetiracetam | drug
Levetiracetam | drug
carbamazepine | drug
valproate | drug
topiramate | drug
lamotrigine | drug
ethinyl estradiol | drug
levonorgestrel | drug
levetiracetam | drug
Digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
levetiracetam | drug
Warfarin | drug
R warfarin | drug
S warfarin | drug
levetiracetam | drug
warfarin | drug
levetiracetam | drug
Probenecid | drug
Probenecid | drug
levetiracetam | drug
probenecid | drug
probenecid | drug
probenecid | drug
tubocurarine | drug
succinylcholine | drug
gallamine | drug
decamethonium | drug
sodium citrate | drug
Sodium cephalothin | drug
sodium cephalothin | drug
gentamicin | drug
amikacin | drug
amphotericin B | drug
cyclosporine | drug
ibuprofen | drug
tacrolimus | drug
vancomycin | drug
clomiphene citrate | drug
des-ciclesonide | drug
ciclesonide | drug
des-ciclesonide | drug
warfarin | drug
salicylic acid | drug
ciclesonide | drug
erythromycin | drug
des-ciclesonide | drug
erythromycin | drug
ciclesonide | drug
ketoconazole | drug
des-ciclesonide | drug
ciclesonide | drug
ketoconazole | drug
ciclesonide | drug
everolimus | drug
cyclosporine | drug
everolimus | drug
cyclosporine | drug
ciclosporin | drug
everolimus | drug
cyclosporine | drug
prednisone | drug
everolimus | drug
cyclosporine | drug
Everolimus | drug
Everolimus | drug
cyclosporine | drug
everolimus | drug
Everolimus | drug
everolimus | drug
everolimus | drug
Cyclosporine | drug
everolimus | drug
Everolimus | drug
everolimus | drug
cyclosporine | drug
potassium chloride | drug
candesartan cilexetil | drug
glyburide | drug
nifedipine | drug
digoxin | drug
warfarin | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
enalapril | drug
candesartan | drug
Lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
indomethacin | drug
doxorubicin | drug
methotrexate | drug
asparaginase | drug
dacarbazine | drug
cis-platinum | drug
tamoxifen | drug
interferon-alfa | drug
interferon-alfa | drug
interferon-alfa | drug
interleukin-2 | drug
interleukin-2 | drug
interleukin-2 | drug
interleukin-2 | drug
doxorubicin HCl | drug
Levosimendan | drug
captopril | drug
felodipine | drug
digoxin | drug
warfarin | drug
isosorbide mononitrate | drug
carvedilol | drug
ethanol | drug
itraconazole | drug
Floxuridine | drug
quinidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
propafenone | drug
flecainide | drug
citalopram | drug
escitalopram | drug
fluoxetine | drug
sertraline | drug
paroxetine | drug
fluoxetine | drug
Doxepin | drug
quinidine | drug
doxepin | drug
doxepin | drug
Cimetidine | drug
Cimetidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
Alcohol | drug
alcohol | drug
alcohol | drug
Tolazamide | drug
tolazamide | drug
doxepin | drug
Glucose | drug
insulin | drug
insulin | drug
glucose | drug
insulin | drug
insulin | drug
somatostatin | drug
Insulin | drug
glucose | drug
insulin | drug
somatostatin | drug
Glucose | drug
insulin | drug
Digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
ibutilide | drug
ibutilide | drug
ibutilide | drug
Bretylium Tosylate | drug
dopamine | drug
norepinephrine | drug
Bretylium Tosylate | drug
lidocaine | drug
Bretylium Tosylate | drug
phenytoin | drug
nicotinic acid | drug
isoniazid | drug
Acarbose | drug
Acarbose | drug
insulin | drug
charcoal | drug
amylase | drug
pancreatin | drug
Acarbose | drug
Acarbose | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
Acarbose | drug
digoxin | drug
nifedipine | drug
propranolol | drug
ranitidine | drug
Acarbose | drug
sulfonylurea | drug
glyburide | drug
Acarbose | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
metformin | drug
Acarbose | drug
metformin | drug
Acarbose | drug
metformin | drug
Acarbose | drug
metformin | drug
Cypermethrin | drug
vitamin E | drug
allopurinol | drug
cypermethrin | drug
cypermethrin | drug
allopurinol | drug
Vitamin E | drug
cypermethrin | drug
cypermethrin | drug
allopurinol | drug
Vitamin E | drug
Flupenthixol | drug
flupenthixol | drug
Ethanol | drug
Flupenthixol | drug
Ethanol | drug
Flupenthixol | drug
ethosuximide | drug
ethosuximide | drug
phenytoin | drug
valproic acid | drug
ethosuximide | drug
alcohol | drug
nicotine | drug
alcohol | drug
nicotine | drug
alcohol | drug
nicotine | drug
rifampin | drug
phenylbutazone | drug
phenytoin sodium | drug
carbamazepine | drug
griseofulvin | drug
topiramate | drug
ampicillin | drug
tubocurarine | drug
adrenaline | drug
adrenaline | drug
aminophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
Cisapride | drug
cisapride | drug
cisapride | drug
clarithromycin | drug
erythromycin | drug
troleandomycin | drug
cisapride | drug
cisapride | drug
dicyclomine | drug
cisapride | drug
cisapride | drug
nefazodone | drug
cisapride | drug
cisapride | drug
fluconazole | drug
itraconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
cisapride | drug
cisapride | drug
ketoconazole | drug
cisapride | drug
cisapride | drug
cisapride | drug
ketoconazole | drug
Cimetidine | drug
cisapride | drug
cisapride | drug
ranitidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
ranitidine | drug
cisapride | drug
indinavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
cisapride | drug
cisapride | drug
cisapride | drug
cisapride | drug
Cisapride | drug
quinidine | drug
procainamide | drug
sotalol | drug
amitriptyline | drug
maprotiline | drug
sertindole | drug
astemizole | drug
bepridil | drug
sparfloxacin | drug
terodiline | drug
cisapride | drug
dihydrotachysterol | drug
ADL 8-2698 | drug
morphine | drug
ADL-8-2698 | drug
morphine | drug
ADL 8-2698 | drug
morphine | drug
Morphine | drug
Morphine | drug
ADL 8-2698 | drug
ADL 8-2698 | drug
morphine | drug
Morphine | drug
ADL 8-2698 | drug
ADL 8-2698 | drug
morphine | drug
Sirolimus | drug
rapamycin | drug
Sirolimus | drug
sirolimus | drug
cyclosporine | drug
tacrolimus | drug
sirolimus | drug
cyclosporine | drug
tacrolimus | drug
cyclosporine | drug
tacrolimus | drug
Progesterone | drug
progesterone | drug
Phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
isotretinoin | drug
Phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
alcohol | drug
cephalothin | drug
cefoxitin | drug
cefoxitin | drug
cefoxitin | drug
Corticotropin | drug
diuretic | drug
Acetaminophen | drug
methotrexate | drug
L-methionine | drug
acetaminophen | drug
methotrexate | drug
Gentamicin | drug
Methionine | drug
gentamicin | drug
Cevimeline | drug
cevimeline | drug
Cevimeline | drug
cevimeline | drug
Cevimeline | drug
cevimeline | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
terfenadine | drug
terfenadine | drug
terfenadine | drug
ketoconazole | drug
astemizole | drug
astemizole | drug
astemizole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
cisapride | drug
cisapride | drug
ketoconazole | drug
cisapride | drug
ketoconazole | drug
cisapride | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
cyclosporine | drug
tacrolimus | drug
methylprednisolone | drug
cyclosporine | drug
tacrolimus | drug
methylprednisolone | drug
midazolam | drug
triazolam | drug
midazolam | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
ketoconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
miconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
phenytoin | drug
ketoconazole | drug
phenytoin | drug
rifampin | drug
ketoconazole | drug
INH | drug
Isoniazid | drug
ketoconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
loratadine | drug
loratadine | drug
loratadine | drug
ketoconazole | drug
alcohol | drug
neomycin | drug
neomycin sulfate | drug
neomycin | drug
penicillin V | drug
vitamin B-12 | drug
methotrexate | drug
5-fluorouracil | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
neomycin sulfate | drug
labetalol HCl | drug
labetalol HCl | drug
Cimetidine | drug
labetalol HCl | drug
labetalol HCl | drug
halothane | drug
labetalol HCl | drug
labetalol HCl | drug
halothane | drug
halothane | drug
labetalol HCl | drug
Labetalol HCl | drug
nitroglycerin | drug
labetalol HCl | drug
nitroglycerin | drug
labetalol | drug
verapamil | drug
epinephrine | drug
labetalol HCl | drug
Labetalol HCl | drug
amphetamine | drug
labetalol | drug
amphetamine | drug
Castor oil | drug
Loperamide | drug
morphine | drug
Loperamide | drug
morphine | drug
loperamide | drug
morphine | drug
probenecid | drug
sulfinpyrazone | drug
phenylbutazone | drug
Alcohol | drug
phenylbutazone | drug
oxyphenbutazone | drug
dipyrone | drug
aspirin | drug
Nonsteroidal Antiinflammatory | drug
Aspirin | drug
nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory | drug
Phenobarbital | drug
Phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
Propranolol | drug
lorazepam | drug
alcohol | drug
Lorazepam | drug
ethyl alcohol | drug
scopolamine | drug
lorazepam | drug
Exemestane | drug
ketoconazole | drug
exemestane | drug
rifampicin | drug
phenytoin | drug
carbamazepine | drug
phenobarbital | drug
exemestane | drug
fluoxetine | drug
erythromycin | drug
clarithromycin | drug
azithromycin | drug
erythromycin | drug
clarithromycin | drug
azithromycin | drug
escitalopram | drug
escitalopram | drug
metoprolol | drug
carbamazepine | drug
cimetidine | drug
fluoxetine | drug
ketoconazole | drug
levodopa | drug
lithium | drug
levobupivacaine | drug
levobupivacaine | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenobarbital | drug
rifampin | drug
ketoconazole | drug
erythromycin | drug
verapamil | drug
omeprazole | drug
furafylline | drug
clarithromycin | drug
levobupivacaine | drug
levobupivacaine | drug
sodium nitroprusside | drug
Benzthiazide | drug
alcohol | drug
lithium | drug
norepinephrine | drug
Ibuprofen | drug
alcohol | drug
doxylamine | drug
doxylamine | drug
heparin | drug
warfarin | drug
Doxylamine | drug
epinephrine | drug
isoniazid | drug
selegiline hydrochloride | drug
fluoxetine | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
paroxetine | drug
sertraline | drug
venlafaxine | drug
dexfenfluramine | drug
dexfenfluramine | drug
dexfenfluramine | drug
dexfenfluramine | drug
sumatriptan succinate | drug
dihydroergotamine | drug
Dexfenfluramine | drug
dexfenfluramine | drug
dexfenfluramine | drug
dexfenfluramine | drug
ketamine | drug
Ketamine | drug
sildenafil | drug
Sildenafil | drug
methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
alcohol | drug
ethanol | drug
ethanol | drug
phenytoin | drug
carbamazepine | drug
cimetidine | drug
ketoconazole | drug
piperacillin | drug
Vecuronium | drug
piperacillin | drug
vecuronium | drug
piperacillin | drug
piperacillin | drug
vecuronium | drug
piperacillin | drug
Probenecid | drug
probenecid | drug
piperacillin | drug
heparin | drug
Methotrexate | drug
Piperacillin sodium | drug
methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
penicillins | drug
piperacillin | drug
tazobactam | drug
piperacillin | drug
nimodipine | drug
Nimodipine | drug
nimodipine | drug
ginseng | drug
doxazosin | drug
doxazosin mesylate | drug
digoxin | drug
warfarin | drug
phenytoin | drug
indomethacin | drug
doxazosin | drug
Doxazosin mesylate | drug
doxazosin | drug
cimetidine | drug
doxazosin | drug
doxazosin | drug
doxazosin | drug
doxazosin mesylate | drug
Doxazosin mesylate | drug
acetaminophen | drug
codeine | drug
codeine | drug
ibuprofen | drug
indomethacin | drug
erythromycin | drug
trimethoprim | drug
sulfamethoxazole | drug
amoxicillin | drug
atenolol | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
propranolol | drug
diazepam | drug
alcohol | drug
cisplatin | drug
paroxetine | drug
aminophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
aminophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
efavirenz | drug
nevirapine | drug
delavirdine | drug
efavirenz | drug
nevirapine | drug
indinavir | drug
nevirapine | drug
efavirenz | drug
nevirapine | drug
nelfinavir | drug
nevirapine | drug
delavirdine | drug
efavirenz | drug
indinavir | drug
Efavirenz | drug
nelfinavir | drug
Dactinomycin | drug
Heparin | drug
Heparin sodium | drug
heparin sodium | drug
dicumarol | drug
warfarin sodium | drug
acetylsalicylic acid | drug
dextran | drug
phenylbutazone | drug
ibuprofen | drug
indomethacin | drug
dipyridamole | drug
hydroxychloroquine | drug
heparin sodium | drug
heparin | drug
antithrombin III | drug
heparin | drug
antithrombin III | drug
Heparin | drug
nicotine | drug
heparin sodium | drug
Heparin Sodium | drug
doxorubicin | drug
droperidol | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
mitoxantrone | drug
heparin | drug
heparin sodium | drug
heparin sodium | drug
cocaine | drug
cocaine | drug
cocaine | drug
cocaine | drug
cocaine | drug
neomycin | drug
neomycin | drug
ACTH | drug
neomycin | drug
Neomycin | drug
famotidine | drug
warfarin | drug
theophylline | drug
phenytoin | drug
diazepam | drug
aminopyrine | drug
antipyrine | drug
chlorambucil | drug
bortezomib | drug
epinephrine | drug
reserpine | drug
phenytoin | drug
quetiapine | drug
Quetiapine fumarate | drug
quetiapine | drug
phenytoin | drug
quetiapine | drug
quetiapine | drug
hydroxyurea | drug
hydroxyurea | drug
hydroxyurea | drug
rofecoxib | drug
digoxin | drug
rofecoxib | drug
digoxin | drug
rofecoxib | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
rofecoxib | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
rofecoxib | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
Digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
rofecoxib | drug
rofecoxib | drug
Rofecoxib | drug
digoxin | drug
ketoconazole | drug
itraconazole | drug
Nafazodone | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
cimetidine | drug
Fluoxetine | drug
sertraline | drug
diltiazem | drug
pentostatin | drug
Apraclonidine | drug
alcohol | drug
clonidine | drug
apraclonidine | drug
apraclonidine | drug
clonidine | drug
clonidine | drug
apraclonidine | drug
clonidine | drug
amphotericin B | drug
nitrogen mustard | drug
Corticotropin | drug
amphotericin B | drug
amphotericin B | drug
amphotericin B | drug
Flucytosine | drug
amphotericin B | drug
flucytosine | drug
ketoconazole | drug
miconazole | drug
clotrimazole | drug
fluconazole | drug
amphotericin B | drug
amphotericin B | drug
cyclosporine | drug
pentamidine | drug
amphotericin B | drug
tubocurarine | drug
amphotericin B | drug
insulin | drug
disopyramide | drug
fluoxetine | drug
propoxyphene | drug
octreotide | drug
insulin | drug
danazol | drug
epinephrine | drug
albuterol | drug
terbutaline | drug
isoniazid | drug
somatropin | drug
clonidine | drug
lithium | drug
alcohol | drug
insulin | drug
Pentamidine | drug
clonidine | drug
guanethidine | drug
reserpine | drug
isocarboxazid | drug
phenelzine | drug
procarbazine | drug
selegiline | drug
tranylcypromine | drug
L-tryptophan | drug
Iodine | drug
iodine | drug
Carbimazole | drug
iodine | drug
Carbimazole | drug
digoxin | drug
digitoxin | drug
sodium iodide I131 | drug
Carbimazole | drug
Nabilone | drug
alcohol | drug
Nabilone | drug
diazepam | drug
alcohol | drug
codeine | drug
stavudine | drug
Allopurinol | drug
didanosine | drug
allopurinol | drug
allopurinol | drug
didanosine | drug
magnesium | drug
aluminum | drug
ketoconazole | drug
itraconazole | drug
Ganciclovir | drug
ganciclovir | drug
didanosine | drug
ganciclovir | drug
ganciclovir | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
magnesium | drug
calcium | drug
aluminum | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
didanosine | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
didanosine | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
magnesium | drug
calcium | drug
aluminum | drug
delavirdine | drug
indinavir | drug
delavirdine | drug
indinavir | drug
nelfinavir | drug
cefmenoxime | drug
cefoperazone | drug
cefotetan | drug
cefamandole | drug
latamoxef | drug
cefazolin | drug
Cholestyramine | drug
cholestyramine | drug
Colestipol | drug
colestipol | drug
Orlistat | drug
Orlistat | drug
Warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
diphenhydramine | drug
hydroxyzine | drug
orphenadrine | drug
pyrilamine | drug
promethazine | drug
methdilazine | drug
tripelennamine | drug
rosiglitazone | drug
pioglitazone | drug
formoterol | drug
formoterol | drug
quinidine | drug
disopyramide | drug
procainamide | drug
formoterol fumarate | drug
salbutamol | drug
zinc | drug
zinc | drug
zinc | drug
zinc | drug
cisplatin | drug
cisplatin | drug
cisplatin | drug
paclitaxel | drug
cisplatin | drug
ritonavir | drug
saquinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
nelfinavir | drug
doxorubicin | drug
paclitaxel | drug
doxorubicin | drug
cyclosporin | drug
teniposide | drug
dexamethasone | drug
cimetidine | drug
ranitidine | drug
alcohol | drug
carbamazepine | drug
corticotropin | drug
divalproex sodium | drug
valproic acid | drug
triacetyloleandomycin | drug
ergotamine | drug
Clindamycin | drug
clindamycin | drug
erythromycin | drug
digoxin | drug
physostigmine | drug
lignocaine | drug
quinine | drug
procainamide | drug
lidocaine | drug
procaine | drug
metaclopramide | drug
lithium carbonate | drug
terbutaline | drug
phenobarbital | drug
diazepam | drug
diazepam | drug
diphenylhydantoin | drug
phenylbutazone | drug
warfarin | drug
tolbutamide | drug
dantrolene sodium | drug
dantrolene sodium | drug
verapamil | drug
halothane | drug
dantrolene sodium | drug
verapamil | drug
dantrolene | drug
vecuronium | drug
lisinopril | drug
lisinopril | drug
indomethacin | drug
indomethacin | drug
digoxin | drug
nitroglycerin | drug
propranolol | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
spironolactone | drug
triamterene | drug
amiloride | drug
potassium | drug
Lithium | drug
Lithium | drug
lithium | drug
Lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
morphine | drug
cocaine | drug
ethanol | drug
nicotine | drug
morphine | drug
nicotine | drug
cocaine | drug
morphine | drug
morphine | drug
morphine | drug
aluminum | drug
deferasirox | drug
aluminum | drug
iron | drug
aluminum | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
vitamin C | drug
vitamin C | drug
hydroxyurea | drug
deferasirox | drug
hydroxyurea | drug
deferasirox | drug
Deferasirox | drug
phenytoin | drug
tolbutamide | drug
tolbutamide | drug
lovastatin | drug
lovastatin | drug
gemfibrozil | drug
clofibrate | drug
lovastatin | drug
Urinary acidifying | drug
chlorpheniramine | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
clarithromycin | drug
diclofenac | drug
doxycycline | drug
erythromycin | drug
imatinib | drug
isoniazid | drug
nefazodone | drug
nicardipine | drug
propofol | drug
quinidine | drug
verapamil | drug
Vardenafil | drug
vardenafil | drug
vardenafil | drug
Cimetidine | drug
vardenafil | drug
vardenafil | drug
Vardenafil | drug
Erythromycin | drug
vardenafil | drug
Vardenafil | drug
Vardenafil | drug
erythromycin | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
vardenafil | drug
Vardenafil | drug
Vardenafil | drug
ketoconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
Vardenafil | drug
ketoconazole | drug
Indinavir | drug
Vardenafil | drug
vardenafil | drug
vardenafil | drug
vardenafil | drug
Vardenafil | drug
indinavir | drug
Ritonavir | drug
Vardenafil | drug
vardenafil | drug
vardenafil | drug
vardenafil | drug
ritonavir | drug
Ritonavir | drug
vardenafil | drug
Vardenafil | drug
ritonavir | drug
vardenafil | drug
glyburide | drug
warfarin | drug
digoxin | drug
ranitidine | drug
warfarin | drug
vardenafil | drug
Vardenafil | drug
Vardenafil | drug
Vardenafil | drug
vardenafil | drug
Vardenafil | drug
Vardenafil | drug
NTG | drug
Vardenafil | drug
Nifedipine | drug
Vardenafil | drug
nifedipine | drug
nifedipine | drug
Nifedipine | drug
Vardenafil | drug
nifedipine | drug
Vardenafil | drug
Vardenafil | drug
terazosin | drug
Vardenafil | drug
terazosin | drug
Vardenafil | drug
terazosin | drug
Vardenafil | drug
terazosin | drug
Vardenafil | drug
tamsulosin | drug
Vardenafil | drug
tamsulosin | drug
Vardenafil | drug
tamsulosin | drug
Vardenafil | drug
Vardenafil | drug
Ritonavir | drug
indinavir | drug
Vardenafil | drug
ritonavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
Vardenafil | drug
indinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
Alcohol | drug
Alcohol | drug
vardenafil | drug
Vardenafil | drug
alcohol | drug
alcohol | drug
Vardenafil | drug
Vardenafil | drug
glyburide | drug
warfarin | drug
haloperidol | drug
erythromycin | drug
Cimetidine | drug
ketoconazole | drug
erythromycin | drug
omeprazole | drug
omeprazole | drug
erythromycin | drug
cilostazol | drug
cilostazol | drug
diltiazem | drug
lovastatin | drug
Tetracycline | drug
penicillin | drug
EPA | drug
ginkgo | drug
Ginkgo biloba | drug
EPA | drug
EPA | drug
EPA | drug
EPA | drug
EPA | drug
EPA | drug
reserpine | drug
guanethidine | drug
clonidine | drug
clonidine | drug
verapamil | drug
diltiazem | drug
disopyramide | drug
rifampin | drug
digoxin | drug
cimetidine | drug
warfarin | drug
epinephrine | drug
etodolac | drug
cyclosporine | drug
digoxin | drug
methotrexate | drug
cyclosporine | drug
furosemide | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
furosemide | drug
Glyburide | drug
Etodolac | drug
glyburide | drug
Lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
Phenylbutazone | drug
Phenylbutazone | drug
etodolac | drug
etodolac | drug
phenylbutazone | drug
Phenytoin | drug
Etodolac | drug
phenytoin | drug
Warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
etodolac | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
etodolac | drug
warfarin | drug
etodolac | drug
etodolac | drug
alprazolam | drug
ethanol | drug
imipramine | drug
desipramine | drug
alprazolam | drug
Alprazolam | drug
alprazolam | drug
alprazolam | drug
Alprazolam | drug
alprazolam | drug
fluoxetine | drug
alprazolam | drug
alprazolam | drug
propoxyphene | drug
alprazolam | drug
alprazolam | drug
alprazolam | drug
alprazolam | drug
alprazolam | drug
alprazolam | drug
alprazolam | drug
diltiazem | drug
isoniazid | drug
erythromycin | drug
clarithromycin | drug
alprazolam | drug
alprazolam | drug
sertraline | drug
paroxetine | drug
alprazolam | drug
ergotamine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
amiodarone | drug
nicardipine | drug
nifedipine | drug
alprazolam | drug
nilutamide | drug
phenytoin | drug
theophylline | drug
nilutamide | drug
nilutamide | drug
dipyridamole | drug
Adenosine | drug
Dipyridamole | drug
adenosine | drug
adenosine | drug
Dipyridamole | drug
warfarin | drug
flutamide | drug
warfarin | drug
Netilmicin | drug
furosemide | drug
ethacrynic acid | drug
digoxin | drug
oxygen | drug
furosemide | drug
digoxin | drug
furosemide | drug
digoxin | drug
furosemide | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
diuretics | drug
enalapril | drug
enalaprilat | drug
enalapril | drug
enalaprilat | drug
diuretic | drug
enalapril | drug
enalaprilat | drug
enalapril | drug
enalapril | drug
enalapril | drug
indomethacin | drug
sulindac | drug
Enalapril | drug
enalapril | drug
methyldopa | drug
hydralazine | drug
prazosin | drug
digoxin | drug
Enalapril | drug
Enalapril | drug
enalapril | drug
spironolactone | drug
triamterene | drug
amiloride | drug
potassium | drug
potassium | drug
enalapril | drug
Lithium | drug
Lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
enalapril | drug
lithium | drug
fenoldopam | drug
fenoldopam | drug
fenoldopam | drug
nitroglycerin | drug
chlordiazepoxide | drug
alcohol | drug
Methotrexate | drug
MTX | drug
MTX | drug
Anakinra | drug
anakinra | drug
anakinra | drug
anakinra | drug
aripiprazole | drug
alcohol | drug
aripiprazole | drug
Aripiprazole | drug
aripiprazole | drug
aripiprazole | drug
carbamazepine | drug
aripiprazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
quinidine | drug
fluoxetine | drug
paroxetine | drug
aripiprazole | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
aripiprazole | drug
aripiprazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
aripiprazole | drug
aripiprazole | drug
itraconazole | drug
erythromycin | drug
aripiprazole | drug
Quinidine | drug
aripiprazole | drug
quinidine | drug
aripiprazole | drug
Aripiprazole | drug
quinidine | drug
aripiprazole | drug
fluoxetine | drug
paroxetine | drug
aripiprazole | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
carbamazepine | drug
aripiprazole | drug
aripiprazole | drug
carbamazepine | drug
aripiprazole | drug
aripiprazole | drug
carbamazepine | drug
aripiprazole | drug
famotidine | drug
valproate | drug
lithium | drug
aripiprazole | drug
Aripiprazole | drug
aripiprazole | drug
dextromethorphan | drug
warfarin | drug
omeprazole | drug
warfarin | drug
dextromethorphan | drug
aripiprazole | drug
Alcohol | drug
aripiprazole | drug
ethanol | drug
ethanol | drug
alcohol | drug
nimodipine | drug
cimetidine | drug
nimodipine | drug
cimetidine | drug
nimodipine | drug
Isocarboxazid | drug
disulfiram | drug
disulfiram | drug
Isocarboxazid | drug
Isocarboxazid | drug
Isocarboxazid | drug
Isocarboxazid | drug
Dexamethasone | drug
albendazole sulfoxide | drug
dexamethasone | drug
albendazole | drug
Praziquantel | drug
praziquantel | drug
albendazole sulfoxide | drug
albendazole | drug
albendazole sulfoxide | drug
praziquantel | drug
albendazole | drug
Cimetidine | drug
Albendazole sulfoxide | drug
cimetidine | drug
albendazole | drug
Albendazole sulfoxide | drug
Theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
aminophylline | drug
albendazole | drug
testosterone | drug
bexarotene | drug
Bexarotene | drug
bexarotene | drug
ketoconazole | drug
itraconazole | drug
erythromycin | drug
gemfibrozil | drug
bexarotene | drug
rifampin | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenobarbital | drug
bexarotene | drug
gemfibrozil | drug
bexarotene | drug
gemfibrozil | drug
bexarotene | drug
atorvastatin | drug
gemfibrozil | drug
Ethoxzolamide | drug
procainamide | drug
quinidine | drug
lithium | drug
ASA | drug
ethoxzolamide | drug
amphotericin B | drug
antithrombin III | drug
antithrombin III | drug
fibrinogen | drug
fibrinogen | drug
iodine | drug
zinc | drug
zinc | drug
egg | drug
Bosentan | drug
bosentan | drug
Bosentan | drug
Bosentan | drug
bosentan | drug
norethindrone | drug
ethinyl estradiol | drug
Cyclosporine A | drug
bosentan | drug
bosentan | drug
cyclosporine A | drug
bosentan | drug
cyclosporine A | drug
bosentan | drug
cyclosporine A | drug
Tacrolimus | drug
tacrolimus | drug
bosentan | drug
tacrolimus | drug
bosentan | drug
bosentan | drug
tacrolimus | drug
bosentan | drug
Glyburide | drug
glyburide | drug
glyburide | drug
bosentan | drug
glyburide | drug
bosentan | drug
Bosentan | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
bosentan | drug
ketoconazole | drug
bosentan | drug
bosentan | drug
bosentan | drug
Simvastatin | drug
bosentan | drug
simvastatin | drug
bosentan | drug
Bosentan | drug
lovastatin | drug
atorvastatin | drug
Warfarin | drug
bosentan | drug
S-warfarin | drug
R-warfarin | drug
bosentan | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
bosentan | drug
Digoxin | drug
Nimodipine | drug
Losartan | drug
Bosentan | drug
digoxin | drug
nimodipine | drug
losartan | drug
bosentan | drug
clofarabine | drug
clofarabine | drug
amantadine | drug
thioridazine | drug
Dimenhydrinate | drug
apomorphine | drug
nitroglycerin | drug
Alcohol | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
alcohol | drug
haloperidol | drug
rifampin | drug
haloperidol | drug
haloperidol | drug
rifampin | drug
rifampin | drug
haloperidol | drug
rifampin | drug
haloperidol | drug
Albuterol | drug
arbutamine | drug
arbutamine | drug
Antiarrhythmic agents, class I | drug
flecainide | drug
lidocaine | drug
quinidine | drug
arbutamine | drug
atropine | drug
arbutamine | drug
digitoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digitoxin | drug
flucytosine | drug
cetirizine | drug
pseudoephedrine | drug
antipyrine | drug
ketoconazole | drug
erythromycin | drug
azithromycin | drug
theophylline | drug
cetirizine | drug
cetirizine | drug
theophylline | drug
cetirizine | drug
theophylline | drug
azithromycin | drug
pseudoephedrine | drug
ketoconazole | drug
erythromycin | drug
cetirizine | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
Bismuth | drug
Bismuth subsalicylate | drug
enoxacin | drug
enoxacin | drug
enoxacin | drug
enoxacin | drug
bismuth subsalicylate | drug
Caffeine | drug
Enoxacin | drug
enoxacin | drug
caffeine | drug
caffeine | drug
caffeine | drug
enoxacin | drug
caffeine | drug
enoxacin | drug
Caffeine | drug
caffeine | drug
enoxacin | drug
Cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
Digoxin | drug
Enoxacin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
enoxacin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
enoxacin | drug
fenbufen | drug
Fenbufen | drug
Sucralfate | drug
calcium | drug
magnesium | drug
aluminum | drug
sucralfate | drug
iron | drug
zinc | drug
aluminum hydroxide | drug
magnesium hydroxide | drug
enoxacin | drug
enoxacin | drug
ranitidine | drug
enoxacin | drug
Theophylline | drug
Enoxacin | drug
Enoxacin | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
Theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
enoxacin | drug
Warfarin | drug
enoxacin | drug
R-warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
Enoxacin | drug
enoxacin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
enoxacin | drug
ergotamine | drug
dihydroergotamine | drug
methysergide | drug
moclobemide | drug
almotriptan | drug
Propanolol | drug
almotriptan | drug
propranolol | drug
fluoxetine | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
paroxetine | drug
sertraline | drug
Verapamil | drug
almotriptan | drug
verapamil | drug
almotriptan | drug
almotriptan | drug
ketoconazole | drug
almotriptan | drug
almotriptan | drug
itraconazole | drug
ritonavir | drug
erythromycin | drug
almotriptan | drug
almotriptan | drug
amantadine | drug
quinidine | drug
meperidine | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
metoclopramide | drug
cyclosporin | drug
azathioprine | drug
methotrexate | drug
cyclophosphamide | drug
mesalamine | drug
probenecid | drug
penciclovir | drug
penciclovir | drug
Dexbrompheniramine | drug
alcohol | drug
theophylline | drug
Theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
ribavirin | drug
Didanosine | drug
didanosine | drug
Stavudine | drug
Zidovudine | drug
Ribavirin | drug
stavudine | drug
zidovudine | drug
ribavirin | drug
Ribavirin | drug
Ribavirin | drug
ribavirin | drug
ribavirin | drug
ribavirin | drug
ribavirin | drug
pegylated interferon alfa-2a | drug
Non-pegylated interferon alfa-2a | drug
Ribavirin | drug
ribavirin | drug
peginterferon | drug
ribavirin | drug
peginterferon | drug
ribavirin | drug
alpha interferon | drug
digoxin | drug
amiodarone | drug
Amiodarone | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
digoxin | drug
Digoxin | drug
Digoxin | drug
Amiodarone | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
amiodarone | drug
digoxin | drug
albuterol | drug
ipratropium bromide | drug
Itraconazole | drug
busulfan | drug
Fluconazole | drug
ondansetron | drug
granisetron | drug
Phenytoin | drug
busulfan | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
busulfan | drug
acetaminophen | drug
busulfan | drug
acetaminophen | drug
HYDROXYZINE | drug
hydroxyzine | drug
alcohol | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
phenytoin | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
phenytoin | drug
drugs | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
CYP2C9 | drug
CYP2C9 | drug
CYP2C9 | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
Green tea polyphenols | drug
enhancers | drug
promoter | drug
n-dodecyl gallate | drug
tannic acid | drug
green tea gallocatechins | drug
Cholestyramine | drug
Charcoal | drug
cholestyramine | drug
activated charcoal | drug
leflunomide | drug
leflunomide | drug
leflunomide | drug
methotrexate | drug
leflunomide | drug
leflunomide | drug
diclofenac | drug
ibuprofen | drug
Tolbutamide | drug
tolbutamide | drug
Rifampin | drug
rifampin | drug
rifampin | drug
Warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
doxorubicin | drug
dexrazoxane | drug
Dexrazoxane | drug
dexrazoxane | drug
quinidine | drug
theophylline | drug
guanethidine | drug
reserpine | drug
glutamic acid HCl | drug
ascorbic acid | drug
ammonium chloride | drug
sodium acid phosphate | drug
amphetamine | drug
sodium bicarbonate | drug
amphetamines | drug
acetazolamide | drug
amphetamine | drug
d-amphetamine | drug
desipramine | drug
protriptyline | drug
d-amphetamine | drug
furazolidone | drug
Chlorpromazine | drug
Chlorpromazine | drug
Ethosuximide | drug
ethosuximide | drug
Haloperidol | drug
Haloperidol | drug
Lithium carbonate | drug
lithium carbonate | drug
Meperidine | drug
meperidine | drug
Methenamine | drug
methenamine | drug
Norepinephrine | drug
norepinephrine | drug
Phenobarbital | drug
phenobarbital | drug
phenobarbital | drug
Phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
Propoxyphene | drug
propoxyphene | drug
MTX | drug
abatacept | drug
MTX | drug
azathioprine | drug
chloroquine | drug
gold | drug
hydroxychloroquine | drug
leflunomide | drug
sulfasalazine | drug
anakinra | drug
anakinra | drug
ampicillin | drug
cefazolin | drug
oxytetracycline | drug
chloramphenicol | drug
cefazolin | drug
Oxytocin | drug
dinoprost | drug
ACTH | drug
antipyrine | drug
azithromycin | drug
zidovudine | drug
dideoxyinosine | drug
azithromycin | drug
zidovudine | drug
dideoxyinosine | drug
zidovudine | drug
azithromycin | drug
zidovudine | drug
dideoxyinosine | drug
azithromycin | drug
zidovudine | drug
dideoxyinosine | drug
zidovudine | drug
Azithromycin | drug
zidovudine | drug
zidovudine | drug
zidovudine | drug
Azithromycin | drug
dideoxyinosine | drug
azithromycin | drug
zidovudine | drug
dideoxyinosine | drug
cefditoren pivoxil | drug
ethinyl estradiol | drug
cefditoren pivoxil | drug
famotidine | drug
cefditoren pivoxil | drug
cefditoren pivoxil | drug
Probenecid | drug
probenecid | drug
cefditoren pivoxil | drug
cefditoren | drug
cefditoren pivoxil | drug
chloramphenicol | drug
probenecid | drug
phenytoin | drug
nicotinic acid | drug
isoniazid | drug
chlorpropamide | drug
disulfiram | drug
alcohol | drug
miconazole | drug
miconazole | drug
methamphetamine | drug
methamphetamine | drug
METH | drug
METH | drug
METH | drug
clozapine | drug
METH | drug
METH | drug
dolasetron | drug
dolasetron | drug
cimetidine | drug
rifampin | drug
Dolasetron | drug
furosemide | drug
nifedipine | drug
diltiazem | drug
verapamil | drug
glyburide | drug
propranolol | drug
dolasetron mesylate | drug
atenolol | drug
Dolasetron | drug
Dolasetron mesylate | drug
cisplatin | drug
5-fluorouracil | drug
doxorubicin | drug
cyclophosphamide | drug
Isoniazid | drug
isoniazid | drug
Acetaminophen | drug
acetaminophen | drug
Isoniazid | drug
isoniazid | drug
acetaminophen | drug
isoniazid | drug
isoniazid | drug
acetaminophen | drug
isoniazid | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
Isoniazid | drug
carbamazepine | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
isoniazid | drug
carbamazepine | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
Isoniazid | drug
Phenytoin | drug
Isoniazid | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
isoniazid | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
isoniazid | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
Valproate | drug
valproate | drug
isoniazid | drug
valproate | drug
isoniazid | drug
valproate | drug
valproate | drug
ritonavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
saquinavir | drug
saquinavir | drug
saquinavir | drug
saquinavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
Ritonavir | drug
Amiodarone | drug
bepridil | drug
flecainide | drug
propafenone | drug
quinidine | drug
Antihistamines | drug
astemizole | drug
terfenadine | drug
Dihydroergotamine | drug
ergonovine | drug
ergotamine | drug
methylergonovine | drug
rifampin | drug
saquinavir | drug
saquinavir | drug
saquinavir | drug
saquinavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
cisapride | drug
lovastatin | drug
simvastatin | drug
triazolam | drug
midazolam | drug
dapsone | drug
disopyramide | drug
quinine | drug
amiodarone | drug
quinidine | drug
warfarin | drug
tacrolimus | drug
cyclosporine | drug
pimozide | drug
carbamazepine | drug
fentanyl | drug
alfentanyl | drug
alprazolam | drug
triazolam | drug
saquinavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
phenobarbital | drug
phenytoin | drug
dexamethasone | drug
carbamazepine | drug
saquinavir | drug
sulfur | drug
resorcinol | drug
salicylic acid | drug
valproic acid | drug
reserpine | drug
Metoclopramide | drug
metoclopramide | drug
fosfomycin | drug
Cimetidine | drug
Cimetidine | drug
fosfomycin | drug
Cimetidine | drug
altretamine | drug
cisplatin | drug
pyridoxine | drug
pyridoxine | drug
pyridoxine | drug
cisplatin | drug
glimepiride | drug
glimepiride | drug
magnesium/choline salicylate | drug
salsalate | drug
choline salicylate | drug
Arthropan | drug
magnesium salicylate | drug
bismuth subsalicylate | drug
ibuprofen | drug
ketoprofen | drug
diclofenac | drug
etodolac | drug
indomethacin | drug
nabumetone | drug
oxaprozin | drug
naproxen | drug
sulfamethoxazole | drug
trimethoprim | drug
sulfisoxazole | drug
sulfasalazine | drug
isocarboxazid | drug
tranylcypromine | drug
phenelzine | drug
propranolol | drug
atenolol | drug
acebutolol | drug
metoprolol | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
HCTZ | drug
chlorothiazide | drug
prednisone | drug
methylprednisolone | drug
prednisolone | drug
chlorpromazine | drug
fluphenazine | drug
prochlorperazine | drug
promethazine | drug
phenytoin | drug
isoniazid | drug
rifampin | drug
glimepiride | drug
Allopurinol | drug
azathioprine | drug
allopurinol | drug
azathioprine | drug
allopurinol | drug
azathioprine | drug
azathioprine | drug
alcohol | drug
antihistamines | drug
antihistamines | drug
flurbiprofen | drug
flurbiprofen | drug
flurbiprofen | drug
Flurbiprofen | drug
flurbiprofen | drug
flurbiprofen | drug
flurbiprofen | drug
flurbiprofen | drug
flurbiprofen | drug
propranolol | drug
atenolol | drug
Flurbiprofen | drug
propranolol | drug
atenolol | drug
Flurbiprofen | drug
Flurbiprofen | drug
propranolol | drug
flurbiprofen | drug
Cimetidine | drug
Ranitidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
ranitidine | drug
flurbiprofen | drug
flurbiprofen | drug
cimetidine | drug
Digoxin | drug
flurbiprofen | drug
digoxin | drug
flurbiprofen | drug
furosemide | drug
furosemide | drug
flurbiprofen | drug
furosemide | drug
flurbiprofen | drug
glyburide | drug
metformin | drug
chlorpropamide | drug
phenformin | drug
glyburide | drug
phenformin | drug
flurbiprofen | drug
cocaine | drug
pentobarbital | drug
pentobarbital | drug
cocaine | drug
cocaine | drug
cocaine | drug
cocaine | drug
cocaine | drug
cocaine | drug
cocaine | drug
cocaine | drug
cocaine | drug
rifampin | drug
phenytoin sodium | drug
carbamazepine | drug
griseofulvin | drug
ampicillin | drug
tolazoline | drug
dopamine | drug
dobutamine | drug
surfactant | drug
sodium nitroprusside | drug
nitroglycerin | drug
prilocaine | drug
bishydroxycoumarin | drug
phenobarbital sodium | drug
bishydroxycoumarin | drug
phenobarbital sodium | drug
bishydroxy-coumarin | drug
phenobarbital sodium | drug
alcohol | drug
isoniazid | drug
ethionamide | drug
cycloserine | drug
ethanol | drug
Digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
conivaptan | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
fluoxetine | drug
cisapride | drug
fluoxetine | drug
cisapride | drug
cisapride | drug
fluoxetine | drug
cisapride | drug
fluoxetine | drug
cisapride | drug
fluoxetine | drug
cisapride | drug
cisapride | drug
fluoxetine | drug
Cisapride | drug
fluoxetine | drug
Cisapride | drug
fluoxetine | drug
amantadine | drug
haloperidol | drug
dofetillide | drug
digoxin | drug
dofetilide | drug
digoxin | drug
dofetilide | drug
digoxin | drug
dofetilide | drug
digoxin | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
caffeine | drug
caffeine | drug
nalidixic acid | drug
warfarin | drug
Nitrofurantoin | drug
nalidixic acid | drug
magnesium | drug
aluminum | drug
calcium | drug
sucralfate | drug
iron | drug
zinc | drug
Didanosine | drug
nalidixic acid | drug
cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
streptokinase | drug
epirubicin | drug
epirubicin | drug
epirubicin | drug
epirubicin | drug
Epirubicin | drug
epirubicin | drug
Cimetidine | drug
epirubicin | drug
Cimetidine | drug
heparin | drug
unfractionated heparin | drug
heparin | drug
dihydroergotamine mesylate | drug
Sumatriptan | drug
Sumatriptan | drug
dihydroergotamine mesylate | drug
Sumatriptan | drug
dihydroergotamine mesylate | drug
dihydroergotamine mesylate | drug
propranolol | drug
propranolol | drug
ergotamine | drug
Nicotine | drug
Nicotine | drug
ergot | drug
erythromycin | drug
troleandomycin | drug
dihydroergotamine mesylate | drug
ergotamine | drug
fluoxetine | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
paroxetine | drug
sertraline | drug
dihydroergotamine mesylate | drug
dihydroergotamine mesylate | drug
itraconazole | drug
Itraconazole | drug
terfenadine | drug
Itraconazole | drug
terfenadine | drug
ketoconazole | drug
astemizole | drug
astemizole | drug
itraconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
astemizole | drug
itraconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
astemizole | drug
itraconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
cisapride | drug
cisapride | drug
ketoconazole | drug
cisapride | drug
itraconazole | drug
cisapride | drug
Itraconazole | drug
cisapride | drug
Itraconazole | drug
midazolam | drug
triazolam | drug
Itraconazole | drug
midazolam | drug
Itraconazole | drug
cyclosporine | drug
tacrolimus | drug
digoxin | drug
Cyclosporine | drug
tacrolimus | drug
digoxin | drug
Itraconazole | drug
cyclosporine | drug
Itraconazole | drug
phenytoin | drug
rifampin | drug
itraconazole | drug
itraconazole | drug
Itraconazole | drug
Itraconazole | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
Itraconazole | drug
Itraconazole | drug
Itraconazole | drug
isoniazid | drug
Itraconazole | drug
Itraconazole | drug
isoniazid | drug
Itraconazole | drug
Itraconazole | drug
quinidine | drug
Itraconazole | drug
zidovudine | drug
zidovudine | drug
Itraconazole | drug
levamisole hydrochloride | drug
cyclosporin A | drug
etoposide | drug
etoposide | drug
etoposide | drug
etoposide | drug
etanercept | drug
anakinra | drug
anakinra | drug
MTX | drug
MTX | drug
folic acid | drug
6-MP | drug
AZA | drug
MTX | drug
folic acid | drug
infliximab | drug
metronidazole | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
anagrelide | drug
digoxin | drug
warfarin | drug
anagrelide | drug
anagrelide | drug
digoxin | drug
warfarin | drug
anagrelide | drug
acetaminophen | drug
furosemide | drug
iron | drug
ranitidine | drug
hydroxyurea | drug
allopurinol | drug
anagrelide | drug
anagrelide | drug
anagrelide | drug
acetylsalicylic acid | drug
Anagrelide | drug
Anagrelide | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
anagrelide | drug
Anagrelide | drug
Anagrelide | drug
theophylline | drug
Anagrelide | drug
milrinone | drug
enoximone | drug
amrinone | drug
cilostazol | drug
anagrelide | drug
sucralfate | drug
anagrelide | drug
anagrelide | drug
insulin | drug
reserpine | drug
epinephrine | drug
levofloxacin | drug
oxycodone | drug
trovafloxacin | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
morphine | drug
trovafloxacin | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
oxycodone | drug
levofloxacin | drug
oxycodone | drug
levofloxacin | drug
oxycodone | drug
levofloxacin | drug
levofloxacin | drug
levofloxacin | drug
oxycodone | drug
oxycodone | drug
levofloxacin | drug
Diphenhydramine hydrochloride | drug
alcohol | drug
Amphotericin B | drug
ethacrynic acid | drug
furosemide | drug
potassium | drug
potassium | drug
insulin | drug
phenytoin | drug
rifampin | drug
fludrocortisone acetate | drug
oxymetholone | drug
methandrostenolone | drug
norethandrolone | drug
vancomycin | drug
vancomycin | drug
vancomycin | drug
Epinephrine | drug
Epinephrine | drug
isoproterenol | drug
epinephrine | drug
cyclopropane | drug
halothane | drug
Epinephrine | drug
epinephrine | drug
Epinephrine | drug
guanethidine | drug
lactulose | drug
lactulose | drug
lactulose | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
caffeine | drug
caffeine | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
cyclosporine | drug
Glyburide | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
glyburide | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
Methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
magnesium | drug
aluminum | drug
sucralfate | drug
calcium | drug
iron | drug
zinc | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
Omeprazole | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
omeprazole | drug
Omeprazole | drug
Phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
Probenecid | drug
Probenecid | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
Theophylline | drug
ciprofloxacin | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
Warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
Colchicine | drug
colchicine | drug
Colchicine | drug
colchicine | drug
succinylcholine | drug
succinylcholine | drug
succinylcholine | drug
Isoflurane | drug
enflurane | drug
halothane | drug
lincomycin | drug
clindamycin | drug
colistin | drug
sodium colistimethate | drug
magnesium | drug
lithium | drug
procainamide | drug
quinidine | drug
phenytoin | drug
carbamazepine | drug
Lansoprazole | drug
lansoprazole | drug
warfarin | drug
antipyrine | drug
indomethacin | drug
ibuprofen | drug
phenytoin | drug
propranolol | drug
prednisone | drug
diazepam | drug
clarithromycin | drug
terfenadine | drug
lansoprazole | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
lansoprazole | drug
Lansoprazole | drug
amoxicillin | drug
lansoprazole | drug
omeprazole | drug
sucralfate | drug
sucralfate | drug
sucralfate | drug
lansoprazole | drug
Lansoprazole | drug
lansoprazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
ampicillin | drug
iron | drug
digoxin | drug
decitabine | drug
decitabine | drug
decitabine | drug
decitabine | drug
piperazine | drug
Pyrantel | drug
Antiminth | drug
piperazine | drug
pyrantel | drug
piperazine | drug
Rifampin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
rifampin | drug
Rifampin | drug
warfarin | drug
rifampin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
rifampin | drug
warfarin | drug
rifampin | drug
warfarin | drug
rifampin | drug
warfarin | drug
rifampin | drug
rifampin | drug
penicillin | drug
gentamicin | drug
dopamine | drug
isoproterenol | drug
furosemide | drug
alprostadil | drug
budesonide | drug
budesonide | drug
budesonide | drug
ethanol | drug
budesonide | drug
budesonide | drug
budesonide | drug
Warfarin | drug
daptomycin | drug
warfarin | drug
simvastatin | drug
daptomycin | drug
Fentanyl | drug
Fentanyl | drug
etidronate | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
butorphanol | drug
alcohol | drug
butorphanol | drug
butorphanol | drug
sumatriptan | drug
butorphanol | drug
sumatriptan | drug
sumatriptan | drug
butorphanol | drug
sumatriptan | drug
sumatriptan | drug
sumatriptan | drug
butorphanol | drug
cimetidine | drug
butorphanol | drug
cimetidine | drug
butorphanol | drug
erythromycin | drug
oxymetazoline | drug
butorphanol | drug
alcohol | drug
guanethidine | drug
tramadol | drug
prostaglandin F2alpha | drug
oxytocin | drug
prostaglandin F2alpha | drug
oxytocin | drug
norepinephrine | drug
oxytocin | drug
PGF2alpha | drug
PGF2alpha | drug
oxytocin | drug
oxytocin | drug
PGF2alpha | drug
norepinephrine | drug
PGF2alpha | drug
oxytocin | drug
doxapram | drug
doxapram | drug
doxapram | drug
epinephrine | drug
norepinephrine | drug
chloroprocaine | drug
Disulfiram | drug
DISULFIRAM | drug
PHENYTOIN | drug
PHENYTOIN | drug
DISULFIRAM | drug
PHENYTOIN | drug
PHENYTOIN | drug
DISULFIRAM | drug
PHENYTOIN | drug
PHENYTOIN | drug
disulfiram | drug
disulfiram | drug
isoniazid | drug
disulfiram | drug
disulfiram | drug
disulfiram | drug
nitrite | drug
disulfiram | drug
Disulfiram | drug
sevoflurane | drug
isoflurane | drug
propofol | drug
alfentanil | drug
midazolam | drug
dexmedetomidine | drug
isoflurane | drug
propofol | drug
alfentanil | drug
midazolam | drug
rocuronium | drug
phenytoin | drug
carbamazepine | drug
rifampin | drug
cholestyramine | drug
colestipol | drug
Insulin | drug
insulin | drug
insulin | drug
Cholestyramine | drug
Cholestyramine | drug
T4 | drug
T3 | drug
cholestyramine | drug
levothyroxine | drug
thyroxin | drug
imipramine | drug
Ketamine | drug
Thyroxine | drug
epinephrine | drug
norepinephrine | drug
enfuvirtide | drug
enfuvirtide | drug
Loratadine | drug
erythromycin | drug
cimetidine | drug
ketoconazole | drug
loratadine | drug
descarboethoxyloratadine | drug
loratadine | drug
loratadine | drug
cimetidine | drug
ketoconazole | drug
erythromycin | drug
loratadine | drug
erythromycin | drug
Loratadine | drug
Descarboethoxyloratadine | drug
Loratadine | drug
Loratadine | drug
Descarboethoxyloratadine | drug
Erythromycin | drug
Cimetidine | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
loratadine | drug
Zidovudine | drug
ZDV | drug
zalcitabine | drug
Zalcitabine | drug
ZDV | drug
didanosine | drug
stavudine | drug
zalcitabine | drug
Lamivudine | drug
lamivudine | drug
zalcitabine | drug
zalcitabine | drug
Zalcitabine | drug
lamivudine | drug
lamivudine | drug
lamivudine | drug
zalcitabine | drug
zalcitabine | drug
lamivudine | drug
zalcitabine | drug
zalcitabine | drug
zalcitabine | drug
lamivudine | drug
Saquinavir | drug
HIVID | drug
saquinavir | drug
ZDV | drug
HIVID | drug
antiretroviral nucleoside analogues | drug
chloramphenicol | drug
cisplatin | drug
dapsone | drug
disulfiram | drug
ethionamide | drug
glutethimide | drug
gold | drug
hydralazine | drug
iodoquinol | drug
isoniazid | drug
metronidazole | drug
nitrofurantoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
ribavirin | drug
vincristine | drug
HIVID | drug
didanosine | drug
Pentamidine | drug
HIVID | drug
pentamidine | drug
HIVID | drug
pentamidine | drug
HIVID | drug
Amphotericin | drug
Foscarnet | drug
amphotericin | drug
foscarnet | drug
HIVID | drug
zalcitabine | drug
HIVID | drug
Probenecid | drug
Cimetidine | drug
probenecid | drug
cimetidine | drug
zalcitabine | drug
zalcitabine | drug
zalcitabine | drug
zalcitabine | drug
Magnesium | drug
Aluminum | drug
zalcitabine | drug
magnesium | drug
aluminum | drug
zalcitabine | drug
magnesium | drug
aluminum | drug
Metoclopramide | drug
zalcitabine | drug
metoclopramide | drug
Doxorubicin | drug
Doxorubicin | drug
zalcitabine | drug
zalcitabine | drug
Theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
lomefloxacin | drug
theophylline | drug
lomefloxacin | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
sucralfate | drug
Sucralfate | drug
magnesium | drug
aluminum | drug
didanosine | drug
lomefloxacin | drug
Sucralfate | drug
lomefloxacin | drug
Magnesium | drug
aluminum | drug
lomefloxacin | drug
lomefloxacin | drug
lomefloxacin | drug
lomefloxacin | drug
lomefloxacin | drug
Caffeine | drug
caffeine | drug
lomefloxacin | drug
caffeine | drug
caffeine | drug
caffeine | drug
caffeine | drug
Cimetidine | drug
Cimetidine | drug
lomefloxacin | drug
cimetidine | drug
Cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
lomefloxacin | drug
cyclosporine | drug
Omeprazole | drug
lomefloxacin | drug
lomefloxacin | drug
omeprazole | drug
omeprazole | drug
Phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenytoin sodium | drug
lomefloxacin | drug
Lomefloxacin | drug
phenytoin | drug
Probenecid | drug
Probenecid | drug
Terfenadine | drug
terfenadine | drug
lomefloxacin | drug
lomefloxacin | drug
terfenadine | drug
Warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
lomefloxacin | drug
CYP3A4 | drug
CYP3A4 | drug
ketoconazole | drug
itraconazole | drug
erythromycin | drug
cimetidine | drug
felodipine | drug
felodipine | drug
itraconazole | drug
CYP3A4 | drug
CYP3A4 | drug
felodipine | drug
felodipine | drug
felodipine | drug
itraconazole | drug
felodipine | drug
felodipine | drug
PLENDIL | drug
erythromycin | drug
felodipine | drug
felodipine | drug
felodipine | drug
felodipine | drug
cimetidine | drug
felodipine | drug
felodipine | drug
metoprolol | drug
felodipine | drug
metoprolol | drug
beta blockers | drug
metoprolol | drug
felodipine | drug
PLENDIL | drug
digoxin | drug
felodipine | drug
phenytoin | drug
carbamazepine | drug
phenobarbital | drug
felodipine | drug
antihypertensive | drug
Felodipine | drug
tacrolimus | drug
felodipine | drug
tacrolimus | drug
felodipine | drug
indomethacin | drug
spironolactone | drug
dapsone | drug
dapsone | drug
clofazimine | drug
theophylline | drug
phenytoin | drug
theophylline | drug
phenytoin | drug
theophylline | drug
phenytoin | drug
theophylline | drug
Abciximab | drug
Abciximab | drug
heparin | drug
warfarin | drug
ticlopidine | drug
Heparin | drug
Ethanol | drug
eszopiclone | drug
ethanol | drug
ethanol | drug
Paroxetine | drug
eszopiclone | drug
paroxetine | drug
Lorazepam | drug
eszopiclone | drug
lorazepam | drug
Olanzapine | drug
eszopiclone | drug
olanzapine | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
eszopiclone | drug
eszopiclone | drug
ketoconazole | drug
itraconazole | drug
clarithromycin | drug
nefazodone | drug
troleandomycin | drug
ritonavir | drug
nelfinavir | drug
Rifampicin | drug
zopiclone | drug
rifampicin | drug
eszopiclone | drug
Eszopiclone | drug
eszopiclone | drug
eszopiclone | drug
Digoxin | drug
eszopiclone | drug
digoxin | drug
Warfarin | drug
Eszopiclone | drug
(R)-warfarin | drug
(S)-warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
Nitroglycerin | drug
isradipine | drug
nitroglycerin | drug
Hydrochlorothiazide | drug
isradipine | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
isradipine | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
isradipine | drug
Propranolol | drug
propranolol | drug
isradipine | drug
propranolol | drug
isradipine | drug
propranolol | drug
isradipine | drug
propranolol | drug
propranolol | drug
isradipine | drug
Cimetidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
isradipine | drug
isradipine | drug
isradipine | drug
cimetidine | drug
Rifampicin | drug
rifampicin | drug
isradipine | drug
isradipine | drug
rifampicin | drug
isradipine | drug
isradipine | drug
Warfarin | drug
isradipine | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
isradipine | drug
warfarin | drug
isradipine | drug
Digoxin | drug
isradipine | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
Fentanyl | drug
fentanyl | drug
isradipine | drug
azithromycin | drug
minocycline | drug
azithromycin | drug
minocycline | drug
azithromycin | drug
minocycline | drug
azithromycin | drug
minocycline | drug
Mineral oil | drug
ergocalciferol | drug
insulin | drug
diethylpropion | drug
diethylpropion | drug
guanethidine | drug
a-methyldopa | drug
diethylpropion | drug
gabapentin | drug
gabapentin | drug
Gabapentin | drug
Phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
gabapentin | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
gabapentin | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
carbamazepine | drug
gabapentin | drug
gabapentin | drug
carbamazepine | drug
Valproic Acid | drug
valproic acid | drug
gabapentin | drug
gabapentin | drug
valproic acid | drug
Phenobarbital | drug
phenobarbital | drug
gabapentin | drug
Naproxen | drug
naproxen sodium | drug
gabapentin | drug
Gabapentin | drug
naproxen | drug
Hydrocodone | drug
hydrocodone | drug
hydrocodone | drug
Hydrocodone | drug
gabapentin | drug
Morphine | drug
morphine | drug
gabapentin | drug
gabapentin | drug
morphine | drug
Morphine | drug
morphine | drug
Cimetidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
gabapentin | drug
cimetidine | drug
gabapentin | drug
gabapentin | drug
cimetidine | drug
gabapentin | drug
cimetidine | drug
norethindrone | drug
ethinyl estradiol | drug
norethindrone acetate | drug
ethinyl estradiol | drug
gabapentin | drug
norethindrone | drug
gabapentin | drug
gabapentin | drug
gabapentin | drug
gabapentin | drug
Probenecid | drug
Probenecid | drug
Gabapentin | drug
probenecid | drug
gabapentin | drug
probenecid | drug
gabapentin | drug
dopamine | drug
dopamine | drug
dopamine HCl | drug
dopamine HCl | drug
dopamine HCl | drug
dopamine | drug
propranolol | drug
metoprolol | drug
dopamine HCl | drug
Dopamine | drug
beta-adrenergic blocking agents | drug
haloperidol | drug
dopamine | drug
Cyclopropane | drug
dopamine | drug
dopamine HCl | drug
cyclopropane | drug
dopamine | drug
propranolol | drug
ergonovine | drug
phenytoin | drug
dopamine HCl | drug
dopamine HCl | drug
phenytoin | drug
allopurinol | drug
ampicillin | drug
ampicillin | drug
ampicillin | drug
allopurinol | drug
allopurinol | drug
allopurinol | drug
cholestyramine | drug
Chloral hydrate | drug
alcohol | drug
carbamazepine | drug
chloral hydrate | drug
chlordiazepoxide | drug
cholestyramine | drug
ethchlorvynol | drug
glutethimide | drug
griseofulvin | drug
haloperidol | drug
meprobamate | drug
paraldehyde | drug
primidone | drug
ranitidine | drug
rifampin | drug
vitamin C | drug
alcohol | drug
carbamazepine | drug
chloral hydrate | drug
chlordiazepoxide | drug
cholestyramine | drug
ethchlorvynol | drug
glutethimide | drug
griseofulvin | drug
haloperidol | drug
meprobamate | drug
paraldehyde | drug
primidone | drug
ranitidine | drug
rifampin | drug
vitamin C | drug
warfarin sodium | drug
alcohol | drug
allopurinol | drug
aminosalicylic acid | drug
amiodarone | drug
bromelains | drug
chloral hydrate | drug
chlorpropamide | drug
chymotrypsin | drug
cimetidine | drug
cinchophen | drug
clofibrate | drug
dextran | drug
dextrothyroxine | drug
diazoxide | drug
diflunisal | drug
disulfiram | drug
ethacrynic acid | drug
fenoprofen | drug
glucagon | drug
ibuprofen | drug
indomethacin | drug
mefenamic acid | drug
methyldopa | drug
methylphenidate | drug
metronidazole | drug
miconazole | drug
nalidixic acid | drug
naproxen | drug
oxolinic acid | drug
oxyphenbutazone | drug
pentoxifylline | drug
phenylbutazone | drug
phenytoin | drug
quinidine | drug
quinine | drug
ranitidine | drug
sulfinpyrazone | drug
sulindac | drug
tolbutamide | drug
triclofos sodium | drug
trimethoprim | drug
sulfamethoxazole | drug
alcohol | drug
allopurinol | drug
aminosalicylic acid | drug
amiodarone | drug
bromelains | drug
chloral hydrate | drug
chlorpropamide | drug
chymotrypsin | drug
cimetidine | drug
cinchophen | drug
clofibrate | drug
dextran | drug
dextrothyroxine | drug
diazoxide | drug
diflunisal | drug
disulfiram | drug
ethacrynic acid | drug
fenoprofen | drug
glucagon | drug
ibuprofen | drug
indomethacin | drug
mefenamic acid | drug
methyldopa | drug
methylphenidate | drug
metronidazole | drug
miconazole | drug
nalidixic acid | drug
naproxen | drug
oxolinic acid | drug
oxyphenbutazone | drug
pentoxifylline | drug
phenylbutazone | drug
phenytoin | drug
quinidine | drug
quinine | drug
ranitidine | drug
sulfinpyrazone | drug
sulindac | drug
tolbutamide | drug
triclofos sodium | drug
trimethoprim | drug
sulfamethoxazole | drug
warfarin sodium | drug
tolbutamide | drug
chlorpropamide | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
dipyridamole | drug
hydrochloroquine | drug
clofibrate | drug
dextran | drug
Dicumarol | drug
anisindione | drug
bumetanide | drug
bumetanide | drug
Lithium | drug
Lithium | drug
bumetanide | drug
lithium | drug
Probenecid | drug
probenecid | drug
bumetanide | drug
probenecid | drug
bumetanide | drug
bumetanide | drug
probenecid | drug
bumetanide | drug
Indomethacin | drug
Indomethacin | drug
bumetanide | drug
bumetanide | drug
bumetanide | drug
Bumetanide | drug
Digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
bumetanide | drug
warfarin | drug
Aprepitant | drug
Aprepitant | drug
aprepitant | drug
aprepitant | drug
Aprepitant | drug
S(-) warfarin | drug
tolbutamide | drug
Aprepitant | drug
phenytoin | drug
Aprepitant | drug
Aprepitant | drug
digoxin | drug
aprepitant | drug
ondansetron | drug
granisetron | drug
dolasetron | drug
Dexamethasone | drug
Aprepitant | drug
dexamethasone | drug
Aprepitant | drug
dexamethasone | drug
dexamethasone | drug
dexamethasone | drug
Aprepitant | drug
dexamethasone | drug
Aprepitant | drug
dexamethasone | drug
Aprepitant | drug
dexamethasone | drug
Methylprednisolone | drug
Aprepitant | drug
methylprednisolone | drug
methylprednisolone | drug
methylprednisolone | drug
methylprednisolone | drug
Aprepitant | drug
methylprednisolone | drug
Aprepitant | drug
Warfarin | drug
Aprepitant | drug
warfarin | drug
Aprepitant | drug
R(+) warfarin | drug
S(-) warfarin | drug
S(-)warfarin | drug
Aprepitant | drug
warfarin | drug
Aprepitant | drug
Tolbutamide | drug
Aprepitant | drug
tolbutamide | drug
tolbutamide | drug
Aprepitant | drug
Aprepitant | drug
ethinyl estradiol | drug
norethindrone | drug
ethinyl estradiol | drug
norethindrone | drug
Aprepitant | drug
Aprepitant | drug
Midazolam | drug
Aprepitant | drug
midazolam | drug
midazolam | drug
Aprepitant | drug
midazolam | drug
alprazolam | drug
triazolam | drug
Aprepitant | drug
midazolam | drug
Aprepitant | drug
midazolam | drug
Aprepitant | drug
Aprepitant | drug
midazolam | drug
midazolam | drug
Aprepitant | drug
midazolam | drug
aprepitant | drug
Aprepitant | drug
Aprepitant | drug
aprepitant | drug
Aprepitant | drug
ketoconazole | drug
itraconazole | drug
nefazodone | drug
troleandomycin | drug
clarithromycin | drug
ritonavir | drug
nelfinavir | drug
diltiazem | drug
aprepitant | drug
Aprepitant | drug
Aprepitant | drug
rifampin | drug
carbamazepine | drug
phenytoin | drug
aprepitant | drug
Aprepitant | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
Aprepitant | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
Aprepitant | drug
ketoconazole | drug
aprepitant | drug
aprepitant | drug
Aprepitant | drug
Rifampin | drug
Aprepitant | drug
rifampin | drug
aprepitant | drug
Aprepitant | drug
Aprepitant | drug
Diltiazem | drug
aprepitant | drug
diltiazem | drug
aprepitant | drug
diltiazem | drug
diltiazem | drug
Paroxetine | drug
aprepitant | drug
paroxetine | drug
aprepitant | drug
paroxetine | drug
Amiodarone | drug
desethylamiodarone | drug
Amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
indinavir | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
Cimetidine | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
Amiodarone | drug
CYP1A2 | drug
CYP2C9 | drug
CYP2D6 | drug
CYP3A4 | drug
drugs | drug
Immunosuppressive | drug
Cyclosporine | drug
CYP3A4 | drug
amiodarone | drug
cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
HMG-CoA Reductase Inhibitors | drug
Simvastatin | drug
CYP3A4 | drug
amiodarone | drug
Cardiac glycosides | drug
digoxin | drug
amiodarone | drug
digoxin | drug
Amiodarone | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
amiodarone | drug
digitalis | drug
digitoxin | drug
Antiarrhythmics | drug
antiarrhythmic | drug
quinidine | drug
procainamide | drug
disopyramide | drug
phenytoin | drug
amiodarone | drug
quinidine | drug
procainamide | drug
phenytoin | drug
amiodarone | drug
Phenytoin | drug
Amiodarone | drug
quinidine | drug
quinidine | drug
Amiodarone | drug
procainamide | drug
procainamide | drug
procainamide | drug
Quinidine | drug
amiodarone | drug
flecainide | drug
amiodarone | drug
flecainide | drug
drugs | drug
antiarrhythmic drug | drug
amiodarone | drug
antiarrhythmic | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
antiarrhythmic | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
antiarrhythmic | drug
Antihypertensives | drug
Amiodarone | drug
receptor | drug
propranolol | drug
CYP3A4 | drug
calcium channel | drug
verapamil | drug
CYP3A4 | drug
diltiazem | drug
CYP3A4 | drug
amiodarone | drug
Anticoagulants | drug
warfarin | drug
CYP2C9 | drug
CYP3A4 | drug
anticoagulant | drug
amiodarone | drug
warfarin | drug
amiodarone | drug
anticoagulant | drug
drugs | drug
amiodarone | drug
CYP3A4 | drug
amiodarone | drug
Antibiotics | drug
Rifampin | drug
CYP3A4 | drug
rifampin | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
desethylamiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
CYP3A4 | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
Fentanyl | drug
CYP3A4 | drug
amiodarone | drug
amiodarone | drug
lidocaine | drug
CYP3A4 | drug
anesthesia | drug
lidocaine | drug
amiodarone | drug
Dextromethorphan | drug
CYP2D6 | drug
CYP3A4 | drug
Amiodarone | drug
CYP2D6 | drug
Cholestyramine | drug
amiodarone | drug
t1 | drug
Disopyramide | drug
Fluoroquinolones | drug
macrolide antibiotics | drug
amiodarone | drug
fluoroquinolones | drug
macrolide antibiotics | drug
propranolol | drug
diltiazem | drug
verapamil | drug
Anesthetic | drug
Cordarone | drug
phenytoin | drug
dextromethorphan | drug
methotrexate | drug
Cordarone I.V. | drug
diuretics | drug
Lincomycin | drug
lincomycin | drug
erythromycin | drug
warfarin | drug
phenobarbital | drug
secobarbital | drug
glutethimide | drug
chloral hydrate | drug
methaqualone | drug
warfarin | drug
phenobarbital | drug
secobarbital | drug
glutethimide | drug
chloral hydrate | drug
methaqualone | drug
glutethimide | drug
Chloral hydrate | drug
methaqualone | drug
chloral hydrate | drug
methaqualone | drug
ketamine | drug
ketamine | drug
pentobarbital | drug
ouabain | drug
ouabain | drug
ketamine | drug
pentobarbital | drug
ouabain | drug
ketamine | drug
droperidol | drug
fentayl | drug
pentobarbital | drug
Acetylcysteine | drug
acetylcysteine | drug
Probenecid | drug
Probenecid | drug
acetaminophen | drug
acyclovir | drug
aminosalicylic acid | drug
bumetanide | drug
clofibrate | drug
methotrexate | drug
famotidine | drug
furosemide | drug
theophylline | drug
zidovudine | drug
Zidovudine | drug
probenecid | drug
tobramycin | drug
gentamicin | drug
amikacin | drug
amphotericin B | drug
foscarnet | drug
pentamidine | drug
vancomycin | drug
captopril | drug
captopril | drug
captopril | drug
captopril | drug
captopril | drug
nitroglycerin | drug
captopril | drug
captopril | drug
Captopril | drug
captopril | drug
captopril | drug
captopril | drug
spironolactone | drug
triamterene | drug
amiloride | drug
potassium | drug
potassium | drug
indomethacin | drug
captopril | drug
Lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
captopril | drug
digoxin | drug
Furosemide | drug
captopril | drug
captopril | drug
Allopurinol | drug
captopril | drug
allopurinol | drug
Captopril | drug
alcohol | drug
oxytocin | drug
oxytocin | drug
oxytocin | drug
reserpine | drug
esmolol HCl | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
Digoxin | drug
morphine | drug
morphine | drug
morphine | drug
BREVIBLOC | drug
succinylcholine | drug
succinylcholine | drug
digoxin | drug
morphine | drug
succinylcholine | drug
warfarin | drug
epinephrine | drug
verapamil | drug
dopamine | drug
epinephrine | drug
norepinephrine | drug
phenacemide | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
ethotoin | drug
Eprosartan | drug
digoxin | drug
warfarin | drug
glyburide | drug
eprosartan | drug
ketoconazole | drug
fluconazole | drug
eprosartan | drug
Ranitidine | drug
eprosartan | drug
Eprosartan | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
Eprosartan | drug
nifedipine | drug
Albuterol | drug
albuterol | drug
albuterol | drug
Atomoxetine | drug
atomoxetine | drug
paroxetine | drug
fluoxetine | drug
quinidine | drug
paroxetine | drug
fluoxetine | drug
atomoxetine | drug
atomoxetine | drug
atomoxetine | drug
ranitidine | drug
alendronate | drug
calcium | drug
multivalent cations | drug
alendronate | drug
Carbidopa | drug
levodopa | drug
carbidopa | drug
levodopa | drug
risperidone | drug
isoniazid | drug
levodopa | drug
levodopa | drug
phenytoin | drug
papaverine | drug
levodopa | drug
carbidopa | drug
levodopa | drug
Iron | drug
carbidopa | drug
levodopa | drug
metoclopramide | drug
levodopa | drug
metoclopramide | drug
Theophylline | drug
ceftibuten | drug
ceftibuten | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
ceftibuten | drug
theophylline | drug
ceftibuten | drug
ceftibuten | drug
ceftibuten | drug
ranitidine | drug
ceftibuten | drug
ceftibuten | drug
ceftibuten | drug
ceftibuten | drug
ceftibuten | drug
iloprost | drug
nifedipine | drug
diltiazem | drug
captopril | drug
iloprost | drug
iloprost | drug
iloprost | drug
iloprost | drug
digoxin | drug
Acetylsalicylic acid | drug
iloprost | drug
iloprost | drug
etofibrate | drug
etofibrate | drug
etofibrate | drug
etofibrate | drug
Etofibrate | drug
heparin | drug
etofibrate | drug
etofibrate | drug
bitolterol | drug
bitolterol | drug
nicotine | drug
theophylline | drug
fenoprofen | drug
fenoprofen | drug
fenoprofen | drug
phenobarbital | drug
fenoprofen | drug
phenobarbital | drug
fenoprofen | drug
fenoprofen | drug
Warfarin | drug
Meclofenamate sodium | drug
warfarin | drug
meclofenamate sodium | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
meclofenamate sodium | drug
meclofenamate sodium | drug
meclofenamate sodium | drug
Meclofenamate sodium | drug
Propoxyphene | drug
propoxyphene hydrochloride | drug
meclofenamate sodium | drug
aluminum hydroxide | drug
magnesium hydroxide | drug
meclofenamate sodium | drug
diclofenac | drug
diclofenac | drug
diclofenac | drug
diclofenac | drug
warfarin | drug
Digoxin | drug
Methotrexate | drug
Cyclosporine | drug
Diclofenac | drug
diclofenac | drug
digoxin | drug
methotrexate | drug
cyclosporine | drug
diclofenac | drug
diclofenac | drug
digoxin | drug
methotrexate | drug
cyclosporine | drug
digoxin | drug
Lithium | drug
Diclofenac | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
diclofenac | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
Diclofenac | drug
insulin | drug
diclofenac | drug
diclofenac | drug
insulin | drug
Diclofenac | drug
azathioprine | drug
chloroquine | drug
D-penicillamine | drug
prednisolone | drug
doxycycline | drug
digitoxin | drug
diclofenac | drug
Phenobarbital | drug
phenobarbital | drug
diclofenac | drug
diclofenac | drug
salicylic acid | drug
tolbutamide | drug
prednisolone | drug
warfarin | drug
Benzylpenicillin | drug
ampicillin | drug
oxacillin | drug
chlortetracycline | drug
doxycycline | drug
cephalothin | drug
erythromycin | drug
sulfamethoxazole | drug
diclofenac | drug
Diclofenac | drug
Diclofenac | drug
Amprenavir | drug
Amprenavir | drug
Amprenavir | drug
amprenavir | drug
Indinavir | drug
amprenavir | drug
Saquinavir | drug
amprenavir | drug
Nelfinavir | drug
amprenavir | drug
Methadone | drug
amprenavir | drug
methadone | drug
methadone | drug
amprenavir | drug
methadone | drug
amprenavir | drug
Amprenavir | drug
Amprenavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
Amprenavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
debrisoquin | drug
carvedilol | drug
quinidine | drug
fluoxetine | drug
paroxetine | drug
propafenone | drug
carvedilol | drug
reserpine | drug
Clonidine | drug
clonidine | drug
clonidine | drug
Clonidine | drug
Cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
carvedilol | drug
cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
carvedilol | drug
cyclosporine | drug
Digoxin | drug
Digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
carvedilol | drug
digoxin | drug
digoxin | drug
Rifampin | drug
carvedilol | drug
Cimetidine | drug
diltiazem | drug
verapamil | drug
diltiazem | drug
Insulin | drug
insulin | drug
insulin | drug
carbachol | drug
aminopyrine | drug
carbachol | drug
carbachol | drug
carbachol | drug
carbachol | drug
aluminum hydroxide | drug
magnesium hydroxide | drug
capecitabine | drug
capecitabine | drug
capecitabine | drug
warfarin | drug
phenprocoumon | drug
capecitabine | drug
Leucovorin | drug
5-fluorouracil | drug
leucovorin | drug
leucovorin | drug
fluorouracil | drug
escitalopram | drug
Alcohol | drug
alcohol | drug
alcohol | drug
Warfarin | drug
Cimetidine | drug
citalopram | drug
cimetidine | drug
citalopram | drug
Digoxin | drug
citalopram | drug
citalopram | drug
digoxin | drug
citalopram | drug
digoxin | drug
Lithium | drug
citalopram | drug
lithium | drug
citalopram | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
escitalopram | drug
lithium | drug
Pimozide | drug
pimozide | drug
citalopram | drug
pimozide | drug
citalopram | drug
pimozide | drug
Sumatriptan | drug
sumatriptan | drug
sumatriptan | drug
fluoxetine | drug
fluvoxamine | drug
paroxetine | drug
sertraline | drug
citalopram | drug
escitalopram | drug
Theophylline | drug
citalopram | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
citalopram | drug
Warfarin | drug
citalopram | drug
warfarin | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
citalopram | drug
carbamazepine | drug
carbamazepine | drug
citalopram | drug
carbamazepine | drug
carbamazepine | drug
escitalopram | drug
Triazolam | drug
citalopram | drug
triazolam | drug
citalopram | drug
triazolam | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
citalopram | drug
ketoconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
citalopram | drug
Ritonavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
escitalopram | drug
ritonavir | drug
escitalopram | drug
escitalopram | drug
escitalopram | drug
ritonavir | drug
escitalopram | drug
escitalopram | drug
escitalopram | drug
escitalopram | drug
citalopram | drug
citalopram | drug
escitalopram | drug
escitalopram | drug
escitalopram | drug
escitalopram | drug
desipramine | drug
desipramine | drug
escitalopram | drug
Metoprolol | drug
metoprolol | drug
metoprolol | drug
metoprolol | drug
escitalopram | drug
Citalopram | drug
Citalopram | drug
escitalopram | drug
citalopram | drug
Erythromycin | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
Fexofenadine | drug
fexofenadine hydrochloride | drug
ketoconazole | drug
erythromycin | drug
fexofenadine | drug
Fexofenadine | drug
erythromycin | drug
ketoconazole | drug
fexofenadine hydrochloride | drug
erythromycin | drug
ketoconazole | drug
fexofenadine hydrochloride | drug
erythromycin | drug
ketoconazole | drug
fexofenadine | drug
fexofenadine hydrochloride | drug
Erythromycin | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
erythromycin | drug
fexofenadine | drug
fexofenadine | drug
ketoconazole | drug
fexofenadine | drug
erythromycin | drug
fexofenadine hydrochloride | drug
aluminum | drug
magnesium | drug
fexofenadine | drug
aluminum | drug
magnesium | drug
fexofenadine | drug
histamine | drug
fexofenadine hydrochloride | drug
fexofenadine | drug
fexofenadine | drug
Aminosalicylic acid | drug
digoxin | drug
Lanoxicaps | drug
digoxin | drug
aminosalicylic acid | drug
digoxin | drug
Aminosalicylic acid | drug
vitamin B12 | drug
vitamin B12 | drug
aminosalicylic acid | drug
noradrenaline | drug
KCl | drug
Indomethacin | drug
noradrenaline | drug
ifosfamide | drug
ifosfamide | drug
diazepam | drug
phentolamine | drug
magnesium trisilicate | drug
nitrofurantoin | drug
nitrofurantoin | drug
magnesium trisilicate | drug
probenecid | drug
sulfinpyrazone | drug
nitrofurantoin | drug
nitrofurantoin | drug
nitrofurantoin | drug
methotrexate | drug
anakinra | drug
anakinra | drug
sulfasalazine | drug
sulfasalazine | drug
methotrexate | drug
pyrimethamine | drug
folic acid | drug
vitamin B12 | drug
Colchicine | drug
para-aminosalicylic acid | drug
alcohol | drug
vitamin B12 | drug
alcohol | drug
reserpine | drug
methyldopa | drug
ibuprofen | drug
ibuprofen | drug
ibuprofen | drug
ibuprofen | drug
ibuprofen | drug
Methotrexate | drug
Ibuprofen | drug
methotrexate | drug
ibuprofen | drug
methotrexate | drug
ibuprofen | drug
methotrexate | drug
cimetidine | drug
ranitidine | drug
ibuprofen | drug
ibuprofen | drug
Furosemide | drug
ibuprofen | drug
furosemide | drug
ibuprofen | drug
Lithium | drug
Ibuprofen | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
ibuprofen | drug
ibuprofen | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
succinylcholine | drug
alcohol | drug
alcohol | drug
alcohol | drug
ethanol | drug
physostigmine | drug
atropine | drug
Ethanol | drug
Physostigmine | drug
atropine | drug
Physostigmine | drug
alcohol | drug
alcohol | drug
atropine | drug
Atropine | drug
alcohol | drug
ethanol | drug
alcohol | drug
hydrocodone | drug
acetaminophen | drug
hydrocodone | drug
hydrocodone | drug
hydrocodone | drug
griseofulvin | drug
griseofulvin | drug
griseofulvin | drug
rifampin | drug
diethylstilbestrol | drug
oxyphenbutazone | drug
oxyphenbutazone | drug
insulin | drug
ouabain | drug
ouabain | drug
phentolamine | drug
ouabain | drug
phentolamine | drug
ouabain | drug
ouabain | drug
ouabain | drug
Sulfapyridine | drug
Acetaminophen | drug
Amiodarone | drug
nandrolone | drug
oxandrolone | drug
oxymetholone | drug
stanozolol | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
Carmustine | drug
Chloroquine | drug
Dantrolene | drug
Daunorubicin | drug
Disulfiram | drug
Divalproex | drug
Etretinate | drug
Gold | drug
Hydroxychloroquine | drug
Mercaptopurine | drug
Naltrexone | drug
acetophenazine | drug
chlorpromazine | drug
fluphenazine | drug
perphenazine | drug
prochlorperazine | drug
promazine | drug
promethazine | drug
thioridazine | drug
trifluoperazine | drug
triflupromazine | drug
trimeprazine | drug
Plicamycin | drug
Valproic acid | drug
sulfapyridine | drug
Acetohydroxamic acid | drug
Dapsone | drug
Furazolidone | drug
Nitrofurantoin | drug
Primaquine | drug
Procainamide | drug
Quinidine | drug
Quinine | drug
Sulfoxone | drug
sulfapyridine | drug
Ethotoin | drug
Mephenytoin | drug
sulfapyridine | drug
sulfapyridine | drug
Methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
sulfapyridine | drug
methotrexate | drug
Methyldopa | drug
methyldopa | drug
sulfapyridine | drug
Phenytoin | drug
phenytoin | drug
sulfapyridine | drug
phenytoin | drug
warfarin | drug
Cromolyn sodium | drug
isoproterenol | drug
Cromolyn sodium | drug
Isoproterenol | drug
cromolyn sodium | drug
isoproterenol | drug
Probenecid | drug
denileukin diftitox | drug
verapamil | drug
verapamil hydrochloride | drug
verapamil | drug
verapamil | drug
verapamil | drug
Verapamil | drug
verapamil | drug
nitroglycerin | drug
nitroprusside | drug
milrinone | drug
epinephrine | drug
norepinephrine | drug
imipramine hydrochloride | drug
Imipramine hydrochloride | drug
imipramine | drug
cimetidine | drug
fluoxetine | drug
phenytoin | drug
imipramine | drug
quinidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
propafenone | drug
flecainide | drug
fluoxetine | drug
sertraline | drug
paroxetine | drug
fluoxetine | drug
amphetamine | drug
amphetamines | drug
amphetamine | drug
amphetamine | drug
alcohol | drug
amphetamine | drug
benazepril | drug
ibuprofen | drug
ibuprofen | drug
Cimetidine | drug
cimetidine | drug
rofecoxib | drug
Digoxin | drug
Rofecoxib | drug
digoxin | drug
Furosemide | drug
furosemide | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
rofecoxib | drug
Lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
Methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
rofecoxib | drug
methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
Rofecoxib | drug
ethinyl estradiol | drug
norethindrone | drug
Prednisone | drug
prednisolone | drug
Rofecoxib | drug
prednisolone | drug
prednisone | drug
Rifampin | drug
rifampin | drug
rofecoxib | drug
Theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
theophylline | drug
rofecoxib | drug
amitriptyline | drug
tacrine | drug
zileuton | drug
Warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
rofecoxib | drug
warfarin | drug
ethambutol | drug
aluminum hydroxide | drug
ethambutol | drug
ethambutol | drug
ethambutol | drug
aluminum hydroxide | drug
ethambutol | drug
diphenidol | drug
diphenidol | drug
apomorphine | drug
diphenidol | drug
apomorphine | drug
alcohol | drug
Ethyl alcohol | drug
alcohol | drug
ethanol | drug
alcohol | drug
ethanol | drug
alcohol | drug
levothyroxine | drug
iodine | drug
famotidine | drug
ranitidine | drug
lansoprazole | drug
omeprazole | drug
diflunisal | drug
warfarin | drug
acenocoumarol | drug
phenprocoumon | drug
diflunisal | drug
diflunisal | drug
Tolbutamide | drug
diflunisal | drug
tolbutamide | drug
tolbutamide | drug
Hydrochlorothiazide | drug
diflunisal | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
Diflunisal | drug
hydrochlorothiazide | drug
Furosemide | drug
diflunisal | drug
furosemide | drug
furosemide | drug
Diflunisal | drug
furosemide | drug
diflunisal | drug
Acetaminophen | drug
diflunisal | drug
acetaminophen | drug
acetaminophen | drug
Acetaminophen | drug
diflunisal | drug
acetaminophen | drug
diflunisal | drug
acetaminophen | drug
diflunisal | drug
acetaminophen | drug
diflunisal | drug
acetaminophen | drug
Methotrexate | drug
diflunisal | drug
methotrexate | drug
methotrexate | drug
Cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
cyclosporine | drug
diflunisal | drug
indomethacin | drug
indomethacin | drug
indomethacin | drug
diflunisal | drug
indomethacin | drug
diflunisal | drug
diflunisal | drug
diflunisal | drug
diflunisal | drug
Sulindac | drug
diflunisal | drug
sulindac | drug
Naproxen | drug
diflunisal | drug
naproxen | drug
naproxen | drug
naproxen | drug
Naproxen | drug
diflunisal | drug
diflunisal | drug
norgestrel | drug
norethindrone | drug
Efavirenz | drug
efavirenz | drug
efavirenz | drug
efavirenz | drug
efavirenz | drug
phenobarbital | drug
rifampin | drug
rifabutin | drug
efavirenz | drug
astemizole | drug
midazolam | drug
triazolam | drug
cisapride | drug
voriconazole | drug
Atazanavir | drug
atazanavir | drug
atazanavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
atazanavir | drug
Clarithromycin | drug
clarithromycin | drug
clarithromycin | drug
clarithromycin | drug
clarithromycin | drug
azithromycin | drug
erythromycin | drug
Indinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
indinavir | drug
Lopinavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
lopinavir | drug
lopinavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
Methadone | drug
methadone | drug
methadone | drug
Methadone | drug
methadone | drug
Ethinyl estradiol | drug
ethinyl estradiol | drug
efavirenz | drug
efavirenz | drug
Rifabutin | drug
rifabutin | drug
rifabutin | drug
rifabutin | drug
rifabutin | drug
Rifampin | drug
efavirenz | drug
efavirenz | drug
Ritonavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
efavirenz | drug
Saquinavir | drug
saquinavir | drug
Sertraline | drug
sertraline | drug
sertraline | drug
Warfarin | drug
Phenytoin | drug
Phenobarbital | drug
Carbamazepine | drug
efavirenz | drug
Itraconazole | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
itraconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
Saquinavir | drug
ritonavir | drug
Amprenavir | drug
amprenavir | drug
efavirenz | drug
efavirenz | drug
azithromycin | drug
cetirizine | drug
famotidine | drug
fluconazole | drug
lamivudine | drug
lorazepam | drug
nelfinavir | drug
paroxetine | drug
zidovudine | drug
lamivudine | drug
zidovudine | drug
efavirenz | drug
toxin | drug
etodolac | drug
etodolac | drug
Etodolac | drug
Etodolac | drug
etodolac | drug
etodolac | drug
etodolac | drug
etodolac | drug
valdecoxib | drug
valdecoxib | drug
valdecoxib | drug
valdecoxib | drug
valdecoxib | drug
valdecoxib | drug
valdecoxib | drug
valdecoxib | drug
valdecoxib | drug
valdecoxib | drug
Methotrexate | drug
Valdecoxib 10 mg | drug
methotrexate | drug
Furosemide | drug
furosemide | drug
Phenytoin | drug
valdecoxib | drug
phenytoin | drug
valdecoxib | drug
phenytoin | drug
Valdecoxib | drug
phenytoin | drug
Dextromethorphan | drug
Dextromethorphan | drug
valdecoxib | drug
dextromethorphan | drug
valdecoxib | drug
dextromethorphan | drug
valdecoxib | drug
Lithium | drug
Valdecoxib | drug
lithium | drug
lithium | drug
Lithium | drug
lithium | drug
Lithium carbonate | drug
valdecoxib | drug
Warfarin | drug
valdecoxib | drug
warfarin | drug
Valdecoxib | drug
R-warfarin | drug
S-warfarin | drug
warfarin | drug
valdecoxib | drug
warfarin | drug
Fluconazole | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
Ketoconazole | drug
fluconazole | drug
valdecoxib | drug
ketoconazole | drug
fluconazole | drug
valdecoxib | drug
valdecoxib | drug
fluconazole | drug
ketoconazole | drug
Glyburide | drug
Glyburide | drug
valdecoxib | drug
glyburide | drug
glyburide | drug
valdecoxib | drug
glyburide | drug
glyburide | drug
valdecoxib | drug
glyburide | drug
glyburide | drug
glyburide | drug
glyburide | drug
valdecoxib | drug
glyburide | drug
valdecoxib | drug
glyburide | drug
valdecoxib | drug
Omeprazole | drug
Omeprazole | drug
Valdecoxib | drug
omeprazole | drug
valdecoxib | drug
omeprazole | drug
omeprazole | drug
valdecoxib | drug
omeprazole | drug
omeprazole | drug
valdecoxib | drug
omeprazole | drug
Valdecoxib | drug
norethindrone | drug
ethinyl estradiol | drug
valdecoxib | drug
norethindrone | drug
ethinyl estradiol | drug
norethindrone | drug
ethinyl estradiol | drug
valdecoxib | drug
Diazepam | drug
Diazepam | drug
diazepam | drug
valdecoxib | drug
valdecoxib | drug
diazepam | drug
diazepam | drug
valdecoxib | drug
diazepam | drug
Imipramine | drug
moclobemide | drug
clonazepam | drug
fluoxetine | drug
sertraline | drug
glucose | drug
glucose | drug
Imipramine | drug
clonazepam | drug
Fluoxetine | drug
moclobemide | drug
glucose | drug
Sertraline | drug
glucose | drug
glucose | drug
glucose | drug
sertraline | drug
glucose | drug
sertraline | drug
Clonazepam | drug
acetaminophen | drug
caffeine | drug
caffeine | drug
acetaminophen | drug
caffeine | drug
acetaminophen | drug
caffeine | drug
acetaminophen | drug
caffeine | drug
chlorpromazine | drug
trihexyphenidyl | drug
amitriptyline | drug
propranolol | drug
sparfloxacin | drug
grepafloxacin | drug
guanethidine | drug
guanadrel | drug
metrizamide | drug
cabergoline | drug
lithium | drug
codeine | drug
diphenhydramine | drug
